邮件的开头

感谢读者是邮件开场白的好办法。感谢您的读者能让对方感到高兴，特别是之后你有事相求的情况下会很有帮助。

1.Thank you for contacting us.

分析：如果有人写信来询问公司的服务，就可以使用这句句子开头。向他们对公司的兴趣表示感谢。

2.Thank you for your prompt reply.

分析：当一个客户或是同事很快就回复了你的邮件，一定记得要感谢他们。如果回复并不及时，只要将“prompt”除去即可，你还可以说，“Thank you for getting back to me.”

3.Thank you for providing the requested information.

分析：如果你询问某人一些信息，他们花了点时间才发送给你，那就用这句句子表示你仍然对他们的付出表示感激。

4.Thank you for all your assistance.

分析：如果有人给了你特别的帮助，那一定要感谢他们！如果你想对他们表示特别的感激，就用这个句子，“I truly appreciate …your help in resolving the problem.”

5.Thank you raising your concerns.

分析：就算某个客户或是经理写邮件给你对你的工作提出了一定的质疑，你还是要感谢他们。这样你能表现出你对他们的认真态度表示尊重及感激。同时，你也可以使用，“Thank you for your feedback.”

邮件的结尾

在邮件开头表示感谢一般是表示对对方过去付出的感谢，而在邮件结尾处表示感谢是对将来的帮助表示感谢。事先表示感谢，能让对方在行动时更主动更乐意。

1.Thank you for your kind cooperation.

分析：如果你需要读者帮助你做某事，那就先得表示感谢。

2.Thank you for your attention to this matter.

分析：与以上的类似，本句包含了你对对方将来可能的帮助表示感谢。

3.Thank you for your understanding.

分析：如果你写到任何会对读者产生负面影响的内容那就使用这句句子吧。   

4.Thank you for your consideration.

分析：如果您是在寻求机会或是福利，例如你在求职的话，就用这封邮件结尾。

5.Thank you again for everything you've done.

分析：这句句子可以用在结尾，和以上有所不同。如果你在邮件开头已经谢过了读者，你就可以使用这句话，但是因为他们的帮助，你可以着重再次感谢你们的付出。






1.发传真必备第一句：你能把它传真给我吗

经典表达：

Could you please fax the invoice/invitation/quotation to me?
你能把发票/邀请函/报价单传真给我吗？

举一反三：

Would you like to fax XXX to me?

Please send me a fax. My fax number is XXX.

白骨精须知：传真机号码的构成

国内传真号码：区号（北京010，广州020，上海021，天津022，重庆023）+传真号码

国际传真号码：国际代码（00）+国家代码（中国86，美国1，日本81，德国49）+区号（去掉区号前的0）+传真号码

2.发传真必备第二句：我要给XXX发传真，请给我个信号。

经典表达：

I’m sending a fax to XXX. Please give me a signal.
我要给XXX发传真，请给我个信号。

举一反三：

I guess there is something wrong with their fax machine. It is unavailable now. I’ll send it later.

白骨精须知：发传真一般步骤

Step1：把要传真的纸张，一般有字的一面朝下（各传真机不同，请根据指示操作）放入传真机；

Step2：拨号。

（1）有单独的传真号码时：拨号，在电话接通后，听到“嘀”一声后，按启动键；传真机显示“send”状态后，放下话筒，听到“嘟”一声后，说明传真已发送完成。听到忙音，则重新拨号。

（2） 电话和传真机共用一个号码时：拨号，在电话接通后，请对方给你一个传真信号，听到“嘀”一声后，按启动键；后面步骤同上。

3.发传真必备第三句：传真已发，请查收。

经典表达：

I have faxed you XXX. Please have a check.
我已经把XXX传真给您，请查收。

举一反三：

It would be great if you sign it and fax it back to me.

白骨精须知：有些文件需要对方在收到传真后签名、批注，那么就请对方稍后再把以签名或批注的传真再发还给你。

4.发传真必备第四句：传真有些问题，请再发一次。

经典表达：

I have received your fax. But some pages were missing. Could you please fax it again?
传真已收到，不过有缺页，请再发一次。

举一反三：

There were some pages too blurred to read. Please send it again.

I’m afraid you have sent the wrong file. Could you check it and send it again?

5.写邮件必备：详细信息我会发电邮告诉你。

经典表达：

I’ll email you tomorrow with the details.
我明天发电邮说明详细信息。

举一反三：

I’ll send an email to the parties concerned ASAP.

I’ll write an email to explain the details.

Let me check the email and report to you later.

白骨精须知：外企邮件制度

TO：收件人，主要阅读邮件的人。

CC：CC的全名是Carbon Copy，即抄送。只要是和该邮件所涉及信息相关的人，需要了解该邮件信息的人都要去CC。

BCC：BCC的全名是Blind Carbon Copy，即加密抄送。BCC一般用来放你的下属。

FW：FW的全名是Foward，即转发。你在发邮件给某人的时候，同时转发给其他很多人。













1. Greeting message 祝福

　　Hope you have a good trip back. 祝旅途愉快。

　　How are you? 你好吗？

　　How is the project going on? 项目进行顺利吗？

　　2. Initiate a meeting 发起会议

　　I suggest we have a call tonight at 9:30pm (China Time) with you and Brown. Please let me know if the time is okay for you and Ben. 我建议我们今晚九点半和Brown小聚一下，你和Ben有没有空？

　　I would like to hold a meeting in the afternoon about our development planning for the project A. 今天下午我建议我们就A项目的发展计划开会讨论一下。

　　We'd like to have the meeting on Thu Oct 30. Same time. 十月三十号(周三)，老时间，开会。

　　Let's make a meeting next Monday at 5:30 PM SLC time. 下周一盐湖城时区下午五点半开会。

　　I want to talk to you over the phone regarding issues about report development and the XXX project. 我想跟你电话讨论下报告进展和XXX项目的情况。

　　3. Seeking for more information/feedbacks/suggestions 咨询信息/反馈/建议

　　Shall you have any problem accessing the folders, please let me knows. 如果存取文件有任何问题请和我联系。

　　Thank you and look forward to having your opinion on the estimation and schedule. 谢谢你，希望能听到更多你对评估和日程计划的建议。

　　Look forward to your feedbacks and suggestions soon. 期待您的反馈建议！

　　What is your opinion on the schedule and next steps we proposed? 你对计划方面有什么想法？下一步我们应该怎么做？

　　What do you think about this? 这个你怎么想？

　　Feel free to give your comments. 请随意提出您的建议。

　　Any question, please don't hesitate to let me know. 有任何问题，欢迎和我们联系。

　　Any question, please let me know. 有任何问题，欢迎和我们联系。

　　Please contact me if you have any questions. 有任何问题，欢迎和我们联系。

　　Please let me know if you have any question on this. 有任何问题，欢迎和我联系。

　　Your comments and suggestions are welcome! 欢迎您的评论和建议！

　　Please let me know what you think? 欢迎您的评论和建议！

　　Do you have any idea about this? 对于这个您有什么建议吗？

　　It would be nice if you could provide a bit more information on the user's behavior. 您若是能够就用户行为方面提供更多的信息就太感激了！

　　At your convenience, I would really appreciate you looking into this matter/issue. 如果可以，我希望你能负责这件事情。

　　4. Give feedback 意见反馈

　　Please see comments below. 请看下面的评论。

　　My answers are in blue below. 我的回答已标蓝。

　　I add some comments to the document for your reference. 我就文档添加了一些备注，仅供参考。

　　5. Attachment 附件

　　I enclose the evaluation report for your reference. 我附加了评估报告供您阅读。

　　Attached please find today's meeting notes. 今天的会议记录在附件里。

　　Attach is the design document, please review it. 设计文档在附件里，请评阅。

　　For other known issues related to individual features, please see attached release notes. 其他个人特征方面的信息请见附件。

　6. Point listing 列表

　　Today we would like to finish following tasks by the end of today:1…….2……. 今天我们要完成的任务：1…….2……。

　　Some known issues in this release:1…….2……. 声明中涉及的一些问题：1…….2……。

　　Our team here reviewed the newest SCM policy and has following concerns:1…….2……. 我们阅读了最新的供应链管理政策，做出如下考虑：1…….2……。

　　Here are some more questions/issues for your team:1…….2……. 以下是对你们团队的一些问题：1…….2……。

　　The current status is as following: 1…… 2…… 目前数据如下： 1…… 2……

　　Some items need your attention:1…….2……. 以下方面需提请注意：1…….2……。

　　7. Raise question 提出问题

　　I have some questions about the report XX-XXX 我对XX-XXX报告有一些疑问。

　　For the assignment ABC, I have the following questions:… 就ABC协议，我有以下几个问题：……

　　8. Proposal 提议

　　For the next step of platform implementation, I am proposing… 关于平台启动的下一步计划，我有一个提议……

　　I suggest we can have a weekly project meeting over the phone call in the near future. 我建议我们就一周项目开一个电话会议。

　　Achievo team suggest to adopt option A to solve outstanding issue…… Achievo团队建议应对突出问题采用A办法。

　　9. Thanks note 感谢信

　　Thank you so much for the cooperation感谢你的合作！

　　Thanks for the information 谢谢您提供的信息！

　　I really appreciate the effort you all made for this sudden and tight project. 对如此紧急的项目您做出的努力我表示十分感谢。

　　Thanks for your attention! 谢谢关心！

　　Your kind assistance on this are very much appreciated. 我们对您的协助表示感谢。

　　Really appreciate your help! 非常感谢您的帮助！

　　10. Apology 道歉

　　I sincerely apologize for this misunderstanding! 对造成的误解我真诚道歉！

　　I apologize for the late asking but we want to make sure the correctness of our implementation ASAP. 很抱歉现在才进行询问，但是我们需要尽快核实执行信息。




英文商务邮件开场白&结尾
2011-04-26 15:29:07

网络搜集哦・・


初次开场白：
It is my pleasure to write here for you.
回复开场白：
Further to our conversation earlier,  .........
As discussed over the phone,  .......
Thanks for you kind reply.
Thank you for your inquiry/email.
Thanks for your letter. It is my pleasure to receive your reply!
Thanks for your mail of 日期............

结尾：
We will noted and many thanks!
I hope everything with you is fine.
Many thanks for your support. 
I hope you are well and in good health! 
FYI: for your information 仅供参考

深盼贵公司及早回复
(1) We hope to receive your favors at early date. 
(2) We hope to be favored with a reply with the least delay. 
(3) We await good news with patience. 
(4) We hope to receive a favorable reply per return mail. 
(5) We await the favor of your early (prompt) reply. 
(6) A prompt reply would greatly oblige us. 
(7) We trust you will favor us with an early (prompt) reply. 
(8) We trust that you will reply us immediately. 
(9) We should be obliged by your early (prompt) reply.
(10) Will you please reply without delay what your wishes are in this matter? 
(11) Will you kindly inform us immediately what you wish us to do? 
(12) We request you to inform us of your decision by return of post. 
(13) We are waiting (anxious to receive) your early reply. 
(14) We should appreciate an early reply. 
(15) We thank you for the courtesy to your early attention. 
(16) We hope to receive your reply with the least possible delay. 
(17) Kindly reply at your earliest convenience. 
(18) Please send your reply by the earliest delivery. 
(19) Please send your reply by messenger. 
(20) Please reply immediately. 
(21) Please favor us with your reply as early as possible. 
(22) Please write to us by tonight's mail, without fail. 
(23) May we remind you that we are awaiting your early reply? 
(24) May we request the favor of your early reply? 
(25) A prompt reply would help us greatly. 
(26) A prompt reply will greatly oblige us. 
(27) Your prompt reply would be greatly appreciated. 
(28) Your prompt attention to this matter would be greatly esteemed. 
(29) We look forward to receiving your early reply. 
(30) As the matter is urgent, an early reply will reply. 
(31) We reply on receiving your reply by return of post. 
(32) We request you to accept our warmest thanks for the anticipated favor. 
(33) We thank you in advance for the anticipated favor.
盼望以传真答复
(1) We await your reply by fax. 
(2) Please fax reply to fax this morning. 
(3) We are anxiously awaiting your reply by fax. 
(4) Please arrange for your fax reply, or long distance call, to reach us before noon Monday. 
(5) Fax reply immediately. 
(6) Please acknowledge by fax the receipt of these instructions. 
(7) Please do not fail to fax your reply immediately on receipt of this letter. 
(8) Please fax your decision without delay as we have offers waiting. 
(9) Oblige us by replying by fax before noon tomorrow, as we have another offer. 
(10) Inform us by fax of your lowest quotations. 
(11) Fax in time for us to write you in reply by 7 pm mail. 
(12) Fax me from Osaka before noon stating your telephone number. 
(13) Kindly reply me by wire.
 承蒙贵公司重视, 感谢之至
(1) Please accept our thanks for your usual kind attention. 
(2) Please accept our thanks for the trouble you have taken. 
(3) We are obliged to you for your kind attention in this matter. 
(4) We are greatly obliged for your trial order just received. 
(5) We wish to assure you of your appreciation of your courtesy in this matter. 
(6) We thank you for your order just received. 
(7) We thank you for the special care you have given to the matter. 
(8) We tender you our sincere thanks for your generous treatment of us in this affair. 
(9) Allow us to thank you for the kindness extended to us. 
(10) We are very sensible of your friendly services on our behalf,for which please accept our sincere thanks.
 回函迟误, 请见谅
(1) Please excuse my late reply to your very friendly letter of March 1. 
(2) I hope you will forgive me for not having written you for so long. 
(3) I hope you will excuse me for not having replied to you until today. 
(4) I humbly apologize to you for my delay in answering your kind letter of May 5. 
(5) I have to (must) apologize you for not answering your letter in time.
我们将随时为你服务
(1) We assure you of our best services at all times. 
(2) We shall spare no efforts in endeavoring to be of service to you. 
(3) We shall be pleased to be of service to you at all times. 
为贵公司带来不便,特此致歉,并请原谅
(1) We hope you will pardon us for troubling you. 
(2) We regret the trouble we are causing you. 
(3) I regret the trouble it caused you. 
(4) We trust you will excuse us for this inconvenience. 
(5) We wish to crave your kind forbearance for this trouble. 
(6) We solicit your forbearance for such an annoyance. 
(7) Kindly excuse me for troubling you in this matter. 
对此错误, 谨致歉意, 务请原谅
(1) Please excuse this clerical error. 
(2) We tender you our apology for the inconvenience this error may have caused you. 
(3) We request you to accept our regret for the error of our clerk. 
(4) We greatly regret that we have caused you such an inconvenience. 
(5) We wish to express our regret for the annoyance this mistake has caused you. 
(6) We frankly admit we were at fault and we are anxious to repair the consequences. 
恳请贵公司支持惠顾
(1) We solicit a continuance of your valued favors. 
(2) We solicit a continuance of your confidence and support. 
(3) We hope we may receive your further favors. 
(4) We hope to receive a continuance of your kind patronage. 
(5) We request you to favors us with a continuance of your kind support. 
(6) We solicit a continuance of your kind patronage.
若有机会本公司也愿提供类似服务
(1) It would give us great pleasure to render you a similar service should an opportunity occur. 
(2) We wish to reciprocate the goodwill. 
(3) We shall on a similar occasion be pleased to reciprocate. 
(4) We hope to be able to reciprocate your good offices on a similar occasion. 
(5) We are always ready to render you such of similar services. 
(6) We shall at all times be willing to reciprocate such of similar favors. 
(7) We shall be happy to have an opportunity of reciprocating to you on a similar occasion.

1. Initiate a meeting 发起会议 

I would like to hold a meeting this afternoon about our development planning for project A. 

今天下午我将举行一个会议，就A项目的发展计划开会讨论一下。 

I suggest we have a call tonight at 9:30pm (GMT +8) with Brown. Please let me know if the time is okay for you and Ben. 

我建议我们今晚九点半和Brown小聚一下，你和Ben有没有空? 

We'd like to have the meeting on Thu Oct 30. Same time. 

十月三十号(周四),老时间,开会。 

Let's make a meeting next Monday at 5:30 PM SLC time. 

下周一盐湖城时区下午五点半开会。 

I want to have a teleconference with you regarding issues about report development and the XX project. 

我想跟你开一个电话会议，讨论下报告进展和XXX项目的情况。 


2. Seeking for more information/feedbacks/suggestions 咨询信息/反馈/建议 

Shall you have any problem accessing the folders, please let me know. 

如果存取文件有任何问题请和我联系。 

Thank you and look forward to having your opinion on the estimation and schedule. 

谢谢你,希望能听到更多你对评估和日程计划的建议。 

Look forward to your feedbacks and suggestions soon. 

期待您的反馈建议! 

What is your opinion on the schedule and next steps we proposed? 

你对计划方面有什么想法?下一步我们应该怎么做? 

What do you think about this? 

这个你怎么想? 

Feel free to give your comments. 

请随意提出您的建议。 

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to let me know. 

有任何问题,欢迎和我们联系。 

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me. 

有任何问题,欢迎和我们联系。 

Please contact me if you have any questions. 

有任何问题,欢迎和我们联系。 

Your comments and suggestions are welcome! 

欢迎您的评论和建议! 

Please let me know what you think? 

欢迎您的评论和建议! 

Do you have any idea about this? 

对于这个您有什么建议吗? 

It would be nice if you could provide a bit more information on the user's behavior. 

您若是能够就用户行为方面提供更多的信息就太感激了! 

At your convenience, I would really appreciate you looking into this case/matter/issue. 

如果可以,我希望你能负责这件事情。 


3. Give feedback 意见反馈 

Please see comments below. 

请看下面的评论。 

My answers are in blue below. 

我的回答已标蓝。 

I have added some comments to the document for your reference. 

我就文档添加了一些备注,仅供参考。 



4. Attachment 附件 
I enclose the evaluation report for your reference. 

我附加了评估报告供您阅读。 

Attached please find today's meeting notes. 

今天的会议记录在附件里。 

Attachment is the design document, please review. 

设计文档在附件里,请评阅。 

For other known issues related to individual features, please see attached release notes. 

其他个人特征方面的信息请见附件。 

5. Point listing 列表 
Today we would like to finish following tasks by the end of day:1…….2……. 

今天我们要完成的任务:1…….2……. 

Some known issues in this release:1…….2……. 

声明中涉及的一些问题:1…….2……. 

Our team here reviewed the newest SCM policy and has following concerns:1…….2……. 

我们阅读了最新的供应链管理政策,做出如下考虑:1…….2……. 

Here are some more questions/issues for your team:1…….2……. 

以下是对你们团队的一些问题:1…….2……. 

The current status is as following: 1……2…… 

目前数据如下: 1……2…… 

Some items need your attention:1…….2……. 

以下方面需提请注意:1…….2……. 

6. Raise question 提出问题 
I have some questions about the report XX-XXX 

我对XX-XXX报告有一些疑问。 

For the assignment ABC, I have the following questions:… 

就ABC协议,我有以下几个问题:…… 

7. Proposal 提议 

For the next step of platform implementation, I am proposing… 

关于平台启动的下一步计划,我有一个提议…… 

I suggest we can have a weekly project meeting over the phone call in the near future. 

我建议我们就一周项目开一个电话会议。 

Achievo team suggest to adopt option A to solve outstanding issue…… 

Achievo团队建议应对突出问题采用A办法。

8. Thanks note 感谢信 

Thank you so much for the cooperation感谢你的合作! 

I really appreciate the effort you all made for this sudden and tight project. 

对如此紧急的项目您做出的努力我表示十分感谢。 

Thanks for your attention! 

谢谢关心! 

Your kind assistance on this are very much appreciated. 

我们对您的协助表示感谢。 

Really appreciate your help! 

非常感谢您的帮助! 


9. Apology 道歉 

I sincerely apologize for this misunderstanding! 

对造成的误解我真诚道歉! 

I apologize for the late asking but we want to make sure the correctness of our implementation ASAP. 

很抱歉现在才进行询问,但是我们需要尽快核实执行信息。 



英文缩写及解释（用于MSN或Office Communicator，非正式用语） 


 
AAMOF 
as a matter of fact 
实际上 

AFAIK 
as far as I know 
据我所知 

AKA 
also know as 
亦称 

ASAP 
as soon as possible 
尽快 

BBL 
be back later 
等一下回来 

B/C 
because 
因为 

BITMT 
but in the meantime 
但是与此同时 

BOT 
back on topic 
回到主题上来 

BRB 
be right back 
马上回来 

BTW 
by the way 
顺便说一句 

BSY 
be seeing you 
再见 

CWOT 
complete waste of time 
完全是浪费时间 

EOD 
end of discussion 
结束争论 

EOT 
end of transmission 
通话结束 

FAI 
frequently argued issue 
经常讨论的问题 

FAQ 
frequently ask question 
常见问题 

FITB 
fill in the blank 
特别强调 


F2F/FTF 
face to face 
面对面 

FTTT 
from time to time 
有时 

FOS 
freedom of speech 
言论自由 

FUA 
frequently used acronyms 
经常用的缩写词 

FWIW 
for what its worth 
不论真伪 

FYI 
for your information 
为你提供信息 

HHOK 
ha ha,only kidding 
哈哈，只不过开个玩笑 

HHOJ 
ha ha only joking 
哈哈，只不过开个玩笑 

IAC 
in any case 
总之 

IAE 
in any event 
无论如何 

IC 
I see 
我明白了 

ICQ 
I seek you 
我寻找你 

ILY 
I love you 
我爱你 

IMO 
In my opinion 
按我的意见 

IMHO 
in my humble opinion 
依我拙见 

IOW 
in other way 
换句话说 

JIC 
just in case 
以防万一 

LOL 
laughing out loud 
放声大笑 

NC 
no response necessary 
无需答复 

OIC 
oh, I see 
哦，我明白了 

OTOH 
on the other hand 
另一方面 

PLS 
please 
请 

RTM 
read the manual 
阅读手册吧 

SYSOP 
system operator 
系统操作员 

THX 
thanks 
多谢 

TFS 
thanks for sharing 
多谢你与我分享 

TIA 
thanks in advance 
事先表示感谢 

TMK 
to my knowledge 
尽我所能 

TTBOMK 
To The Best Of My Knowledge 
尽我所知 

WB 
welcome back 
欢迎你回来 

WIIWD 
what it is we do 
这正是我们要做的 

WYSIWYG 
what you see is what you get 
所见即所得 

WRT 
with respect to 
很荣幸 

BRB 
be right back 
马上就回来 

PMFJI 
pardon me for jumping in 
请原谅我突然加入你们的谈话

