05 Transfer to a University

1. Planning to Transfer
2. What College to Transfer to
3. Classes Unrelated to Your Major
4. Taking Speech 101
5. Classes Needed for Transfer
6. College Application Questions
7. Applying to Many Universities
8. Lying on College Applications
9. Classes Needed for Transfer
10. A Class Desperately Needed
11. Talking to a Counselor
12. A Recommendation Letter (1)
13. A Recommendation Letter (2)
14. Personal Statement Workshop
15. Not Accepted to a University
16. Deciding not to Transfer
17. Accepted to a University
18. First Day at a New School

1
A: I'm applying to transfer out of this college.
B: I'm going to miss you. 
A: Me too. I'll text you every so often.
B: Why do you want to transfer?
A: I don't think here it is challenging enough for me.
B: You can join the honors program!
A: I did, and it wasn't challenging either.
B: Alright then. When are you going to start applying?
A: Next month. I'm already looking at the essay prompts.
B: Are they challenging?
A: Yes, but they're kind of fun!
B: I hope you get into wherever you want to go.

2
A: I don't know what university to transfer to.
B: There's a lot, so it's all about picking what suits your needs.
A: For starters, I would like a university in a safe area.
B: Okay, what else are you thinking about?
A: I want to live close to home.
B: I think UC Irvine would be good.
A: I don't think that's good for my major.
B: What's your major?
A: I'm majoring in philosophy.
B: Yeah, you're right. UCI is not good for philosophy.
A: I also want to go to a college that will increase my job opportunities.
B: Let's go do some online research.

3
A: What classes should I take to transfer?
B: You need a little bit of everything.
A: What do you mean?
B: You need to take at least one class in every subject.
A: Do I need to take a math class?
B: Even if your major is Portuguese, you have to take a math class.
A: That's so stupid.
B: It's just to make you more knowledgeable.
A: But I don't even need it!
B: It's been like this for ages.
A: Well, the policy should be changed.
B: It won't. So in the meantime, you should register for a math class.

4
A: Why are you taking this class?
B: I need it to transfer. You?
A: Me too! I would never take Speech 101 if I didn't need it.
B: Yeah, I hate public speaking.
A: Me too! I get so nervous.
B: I just want this class to be over with.
A: It's going to be a long semester.
B: Maybe after this class, we'll love public speaking.
A: I doubt it!
B: I don't even know why we have to take this class to transfer.
A: I guess it's to make us better speakers.
B: It'll all be worth it when we transfer.

5
A: You only need three more classes and you'll be ready to transfer.
B: Which classes do I need?
A: You need a history class, a physical science class, and a foreign language class.
B: Which history class should I take?
A: The one you're most interested in.
B: I looked at the course listing, and there's nothing I'm interested in.
A: In that case, go for the class you would be the least bored of.
B: I guess I could take European history.
A: There you go! How about the other classes you need?
B: I think I'll take physics and French.
A: I'm glad you know what to take! 
B: Me too. Careful planning is part of what makes up a successful student!

6
A: What are you doing?
B: I'm filling out my college application.
A: Do you need any help? I applied two years ago.
B: Yes, I do need help. Should I put my ethnicity?
A: It won't be used for or against you. It's really up to you.
B: Also, should I put all of my extracurriculars?
A: Put the ones that you were heavily involved in.
B: Next question, should I put anything in the "additional information" section?
A: If you feel like you need to say something that you didn't mention before, then yes.
B: Can I say I got an A when I really just got a B? 
A: What?! Of course not! They will ask for your transcript.
B: Oh, I didn't know that.

7
A: How many universities are you applying to?
B: I'm applying to 12 universities.
A: Wow! That's a lot!
B: I just want a lot of options.
A: But it costs a lot of money and time!
B: I get fee waivers.
A: But how about the time? I mean, applying is a lot of work.
B: College applications ask similar questions.
A: Good for you. I'm only applying to three universities.
B: Which ones are you applying to?
A: CSULA, UC Irvine, and Yale.
B: I find it hard to believe that you can limit yourself to only three universities.

8
A: After seeing your college application, I can tell you're really smart and talented.
B: Not really, I'm lying about almost everything.
A: Why?! They're going to find out.
B: No, they're not! They're not going to check.
A: Yes, they will. After a college admits you, they'll ask for your transcript.
B: I didn't know that! How about my extracurriculars?
A: They'll randomly audit 10% of their applicants.
B: What does that mean?
A: The UCs will randomly select 10% of their applicants to provide proof of their extracurriculars. 
B: It's only 10%.
A: It's not that little! You may be chosen. Be careful. 
B: You're right. It's too risky to lie.

9
A: I'm registering for Psych 21, because I need it to transfer.
B: I need that class too in order to transfer.
A: But there's only one space left!
B: That's terrible. My registration time is at 5 p.m.
A: Darn it! Mine is at 6 p.m. 
B: That sucks. Maybe someone will drop out.
A: I doubt it. Psych 21 is needed by a lot of people.
B: Beg the professor?
A: If I have to.
B: You should cry! That might work.
A: I'm planning to. I can cry on demand.
B: Maybe you should take a theater class instead.

10
A: I desperately need to take an English class this semester.
B: So does everyone else.
A: It's the only class I need before I transfer.
B: Maybe you can pay someone for their spot. 
A: I honestly would do that if someone was willing to give up their spot.
B: What happens if you can't get the class?
A: Then I need to stay at Pasadena City College longer.
B: That would stink.
A: I know, that's why I need that class.
B: You can try taking it at another college.
A: I might do that. The closest community college is a two-hour drive.
B: I'm praying you get the English class.

11
A: I want to transfer, but I don't know where to start.
B: Let's start with the basics. What do you want to major in?
A: I want to major in biology.
B: Then you have to take general education requirements like everyone else.
A: What are those requirements exactly?
B: I'll give you a sheet listing all of them. 
A: What else do I have to do?
B: You should fulfill some, if not all, of your major requirements.
A: Okay, about when will I finish?
B: It really depends on how many classes you take and complete per semester.
A: I'm planning on taking five classes per semester.
B: That's good! You'll be ready to transfer in about two years.

12
A: Hey Professor Lopez, I need a favor.
B: What kind of favor?
A: Can you write a recommendation letter for me?
B: I'm sorry, but I can't.
A: Why not? I was a good student.
B: Yes, you were. The thing is, I don't know you that well.
A: I'll just give you my resume, and you can write about how great I am!
B: I can't. I don't think I can write you a good letter.
A: But I don't know who else to ask.
B: Ask someone who knows you as more than just a student.
A: I honestly never had a professor I felt close to.
B: Then, you can only hope a professor writes a letter for you regardless of that fact.

13
A: My professor wrote a really bad recommendation letter for me.
B: You read his recommendation letter?
A: Yeah. I couldn't resist.
B: This is why you shouldn't read it. You might not like what you see.
A: He wrote such boring things about me. 
B: What did he write?
A: Just that I'm a diligent student who does well.
B: At least it was nothing bad. You can always ask another professor.
A: I know, but I don't have time.
B: When do you need another recommendation letter by?
A: I need one by this Friday.
B: Oh, wow! Maybe you should just send the one you have now.

14
A: I'm having trouble with my personal statement. 
B: You should go to the personal statement workshop.
A: What is that?
B: It's where a professional will give you tips and revise your personal statement.
A: That sounds helpful.
B: It is. I went to one last week.
A: How was it?
B: The person leading the workshop was an English professor, so it was informative.
A: I'm kind of embarrassed to show my personal statement, though.
B: You shouldn't be.
A: I feel like I'll be laughed at.
B: The workshop will improve your writing. You really should go.

15
A: What's wrong? You look sad.
B: I was rejected from my dream school.
A: I'm sorry to hear that.
B: I feel so stupid. What's wrong with me?
A: Nothing. If your dream school doesn't want you, then that's their loss.
B: I don't know what to do anymore.
A: Look, that school didn't accept you, because you weren't the right fit.
B: Is that supposed to make me feel better?
A: I'm just saying, why would you want to go to a school that doesn't fit you?
B: When you say it like that, I understand you.
A: Yeah! Just focus on the schools that do want you.
B: You're right! Yale made a mistake rejecting me.

16
A: I have decided not to transfer.
B: Why not? You kept saying you wanted to.
A: I know, but it's so hard getting accustomed to a new school.
B: That's a terrible reason not to transfer.
A: No, it's a good one. I feel at home here.
B: Sometimes, a new environment is necessary.
A: No, I really like it here. Also, I know what to expect.
B: I still think you're making the wrong choice. 
A: Why do you want me to go?
B: I just think this school isn't right for you.
A: That's not for you to decide.
B: I know, but I'm just stating my opinion.

17
A: I got accepted to all of the schools I applied to.
B: Congrats! You totally deserve it.
A: How many schools did you apply to?
B: I applied to six.
A: What was your first reaction when you got into your dream school?
B: I was shocked. My heart stopped.
A: I know the feeling. It's a great one.
B: It is. I don't even know what school to pick now. 
A: Same here. Who knew getting accepted would have problems?
B: It's a good problem!
A: Hey, we should visit schools together.
B: That would be fun!

18
A: Wow, this place is amazing.
B: Is this your first time here?
A: It's my first day at this school. I just transferred.
B: I see. You're going to love it here.
A: I think I will too.
B: Did you move in yet?
A: Yes, I have an apartment nearby.
B: That's good. What's your first class?
A: My very first class is human biology.
B: I hope it's educational and entertaining.
A: I think it will be. 
B: I'll walk you there, since you probably don't know where anything is.

