16 Dating

1. Dating in America
2. Asking for a Date (1)
3. Asking for a Date (2)
4. A Blind Date
5. Dating a long-time friend (1)
6. Dating a long-time friend (2)
7. Calling After the Date (1)
8. Calling After the Date (2)
9. Accepting an Invitation
10. Rejecting an Invitation
11. An Argument (1)
12. An Argument (2)
13. Stopping the Relationship

1
A: Dating is really complicated.
B: What makes you say that?
A: You just can't pick somebody up at a bar anymore.
B: So what do you do now?
A: There are dating websites, dating apps, even dating clubs.
B: My friend set me up on a blind date with my now boyfriend.
A: I need a friend like that.
B: I'll help you create an online dating profile.
A: I'm wary about meeting people online.
B: It's not that different from meeting a stranger on the street.
A: Dating sure isn't what it used to be.
B: I think there are more options now. That's a good thing.

2
A: what are you doing on Friday night?
B: I was just going to stay in and watch a movie on Netflix.
A: How about you let me take you out to a movie?
B: That would be really nice.
A: We could even grab a bite to eat afterwards.
B: I would really like that.
A: Great! If I pick you up at 6 p.m., would that work?
B: Yeah, that gives me time to change after work.
A: Can I have your phone number so I can call when I'm on my way?
B: That's a great idea. And you should give me your number, too.
A: Okay, I'm really looking forward to Friday.
B: We're going to have a really nice time.

3
A: I have an extra ticket to the Beyonce concert on Friday.
B: That's nice.
A: I was wondering if you want to come with me?
B: I really like Beyonce, but I'm busy on Friday.
A: Oh, I understand. Maybe we could go out some other time.
B: That's so sweet of you, but I don't think so.
A: Why not?
B: You're not really my type.
A: How do you know if you won't give me a chance?
B: Well, your insistence makes you seem a little desperate.
A: I'm not desperate. I've just liked you for a long time.
B: Again, that's sweet, but I'm not interested.

4
A: Excuse me. Is your name John?
B: Yes, and you must be Karen.
A: I am. I'm sorry this is the first blind date I've been on.
B: Oh, me too. I'm just as nervous.
A: Well, that's one thing we have in common already.
B: You look just like the picture Jimmy showed me.
A: So how long have you known Jimmy?
B: We actually used to date.
A: Wow, your ex set you up on a blind date?
B: He knows I'm a good catch, so he let me get away.

5
A: This is a little awkward.
B: I know we've been friends since high school.
A: I kind of always had a crush on you.
B: Why did you never say so?
A: You were dating my friend Katy.
B: You always gave me good advice when I was dating her.
A: That was so hard to do because I wanted to date you!
B: I'm glad we were friends first though.
A: Me too. I feel like we know so much about each other.
B: We're not starting from scratch.
A: No, it's a new stage in our friendship.
B: I think all couples should be friends first.

6
A: Are you telling me it's not weird dating Katy after being friends with her for so long?
B: It's a little strange since I've known her for so long.
A: You also know everyone she dated.
B: I've given her advice on guys she's dated.
A: Didn't she date your best friend once?
B: Yeah, but he stopped being my best friend after I started dating Katy.
A: Why is that?
B: He thought I had always been after her.
A: Had you always been after her?
B: Honestly no. I really only liked her as a friend.
A: When did that change?
B: When I came back from finishing college.

7
A: Hi John, this is Katy.
B: It's so nice to hear your voice.
A: I just wanted to call you and thank you for the lovely time last Friday.
B: I'm glad you liked the movie.
A: The restaurant you picked was great, too.
B: I wasn't sure you'd be into Greek food.
A: I'm hoping we can do it again soon.
B: I really would like that.
A: I have tickets to a play on Saturday.
B: I really like the theater.
A: Then you'll come with me?
B: It sounds like we have a second date.

8
A: Hi Katy, this is John.
B: Oh, hey. How are you?
A: I'm great. I wanted to thank you for going out with me last Friday.
B: I'm glad you had a good time.
A: You didn't seem to enjoy it that much.
B: To be honest, I didn't like the movie you picked.
A: I thought a horror movie would be a great way for us to get close to each other.
B: You were a little too hands on.
A: Why don't we try again next weekend?
B: I really don't think so.
A: Are you interested in going out with me again at all?
B: You should probably lose my number.

9
A: Were you invited to Leslie's birthday party dinner?
B: I was. I'm really excited about it.
A: Would you like to go with me?
B: Do you mean as your date?
A: Yeah, why not? You and I have been out a few times together.
B: This will be the first time we go out in front of friends though.
A: Are you embarrassed to be seen with me?
B: Not at all. It will be really nice though.
A: I'll pick you up at 8:00 then?
B: Why not 7:30?
A: Why so early?
B: It will give us time to pick up a bottle of wine on our way.

10
A: Were you invited to Barb's birthday party?
B: I was. It should be really fun.
A: Do you have a date for the party?
B: As a matter of fact I don't have.
A: Do you want to have a date for the party?
B: Do you know someone?
A: I was thinking maybe you'd want to go as my date.
B: Oh. I don't think that's a good idea.
A: Why not? You said yourself it would be fun.
B: The party would be fun. Going with you would not be.
A: Wow, that's kind of harsh.
B: At least I'm honest.

11
A: I thought you were going to cook dinner today.
B: I've been working all day.
A: Yeah, but you work from home. That doesn't count.
B: It sure seems to count when I help pay the bills.
A: You know I pay more bills than you do.
B: That's because you make more money than I do.
A: This is why you should make dinner.
B: You are so sexist.
A: Way to get off topic. This is about you not making dinner.
B: We can make dinner together or order in.
A: What's the point of you working from home but won't take care of the home.
B: You know what? I'm going out to eat by myself.

12
A: Did you water the plants?
B: I did this morning.
A: It doesn't look like you did.
B: Well, I did. Are you calling me a liar?
A: No. It's just I know sometimes you can be a little lazy.
B: Is this how you normally speak to people you are in a relationship with?
A: This is how I speak to people who are not doing what they are supposed to do.
B: Wow! I am really hurt by how you are talking to me.
A: Maybe you are feeling guilty.
B: No. I'm feeling like I made a mistake.
A: What do you mean?
B: I'm going to go for a walk before I say something I'm going to regret.

13
A: We need to talk.
B: Uh oh! It sounds like you are going to break up with me or are pregnant.
A: Funny you should mention that.
B: Wait! You are pregnant?
A: No dummy. I think we need to take a break.
B: A break from what?
A: A break from seeing each other.
B: So, are you breaking up with me?
A: Yeah, I'm sorry. This just isn't working out.
B: Are you going to give me the "it's not you"?
A: No, because it actually is you.
B: At least you're honest.

