17 Health

1. Health Insurance
2. A Medical Emergency
3. Going to an Emergency Room
4. A Stomachache
5. A Toothache
6. Buying Over-the-Counter Medicine
7. Filling Prescription
8. Calling about Test Results
9. Calling in Sick
10. Discussing Test Results
11. Changing an Appointment Time
12. Going Home Early Because Of Being Ill
13. Having a Blood Test in the Lab
14. Having a Cold
15. Making a Doctor's Appointment
16. Blood Pressure
17. Not Feeling Well
18. Physical Check-up
19. Seeing a Doctor in an Emergency
20. Taking an X-Ray
21. Seeing the Doctor
22. Asking the Doctor Questions
23. Taking a Urine Sample
24. How to Stay Healthy
25. Prescribing Medicine

1
A:I don't understand how health insurance works in the U.S.
B: Do you have health insurance through your job?
A: I'm a part-time employee, so that is not part of my benefits package.
B: You can buy health insurance based on your income.
A: How exactly does that work?
B: If you go to healthcare.gov, you can see what plans you are eligible for.
A: Then what happens?
B: You pay a fee every month and choose a primary care doctor from your plan.
A: What is a primary care doctor?
B: A primary care doctor is the doctor you visit when you have a headache or for regular check-ups.
A: Do I go to my primary care doctor in an emergency?
B: No, in an emergency, you just go to the closest emergency room.

2
A: This is 911. What is your emergency?
B: I think my wife just had a stroke or a heart attack.
A: Can you describe her symptoms?
B: She is unconscious but breathing. She won't wake up.
A: We are sending an ambulance right now.
B: How do you know my address?
A: We can track it down through our phone system.
B: How long will it take for the ambulance to get here?
A: It should be there in less than five minutes, sir.
B: I think I hear the ambulance coming now.
A: Please let the paramedics in so they can take your wife to the nearest hospital.
B: Thank you. I'll open the door.

3
A: I cut myself pretty badly with a knife. I think I need stitches.
B: Come inside so the triage nurse can stop the bleeding.
A: I was just preparing dinner and my hand slipped.
B: This cut does need stitches, but I stopped the bleeding for now.
A: Will you give me stitches right now?
B: No, since the bleeding has stopped you have to wait in the Emergency Room waiting area.
A: What do I do while waiting?
B: Fill out these registration forms.
A: When will I get my hand stitched up?
B: Here in the ER we take care of people based on how bad their injury is.
A: I was here before many of these other people.
B: Some of them are in worse shape than you.

4
A: I woke up with the worse stomachache.
B: Did you try going to the bathroom?
A: I went to the bathroom, but that didn't make the pain go away.
B: Did you eat anything strange last night? Maybe you have food poisoning.
A: No. Because then I would be vomiting.
B: Where exactly is the pain?
A: It hurts here on my right side.
B: That's where it hurt when I had to get my appendix taken out.
A: It's probably just gas.
B: Did you take any medication?
A: I took an antacid an hour ago.
B: It should have worked by now. This could be serious.

5
A: Why are you holding your mouth?
B: I think I cracked a tooth. It hurts so much.
A: Did you look in the mirror?
B: No, but I can feel a sharp pain when my tongue touches my molars.
A: That sort of thing can be infected easily.
B: So what should I do?
A: You should find an emergency dentist.
B: That is going to cost so much money.
A: Yeah, but it's better than being in pain.
B: Do you think they'll have to pull the tooth?
A: Maybe they just have to seal it up.
B: Get me the yellow pages so I can find a nearby emergency dentist.

6
A: I have a really bad headache. What do you recommend?
B: You can purchase some over-the-counter pain relievers in aisle 6.
A: Do I need a prescription for those?
B: No. You just pick whichever brand your prefer and pay for it at the register.
A: There are so many choices.
B: If you read the labels, you can pick the one that is best for you.
A: Is there a difference between the name brand pills and the store brand pills?
B: Usually there isn't. Just compare the labels and look for active ingredients.
A: The store brand is less expensive.
B: Usually it is just as effective.
A: I sure hope so because I want to save money and not have a headache.
B: I think you can achieve both things.

7
A: My doctor gave me this prescription.
B: Can I have the paper and your insurance card?
A: How long will this take to be filled?
B: We can have this filled within an hour.
A: Is there any way to fill it faster? I'm in so much pain.
B: Unfortunately there are other prescriptions to fill.
A: What am I supposed to do for the hour?
B: We can call you when the prescription is ready.
A: So I can go home and take a nap.
B: Just leave your number here at the pharmacy and we'll call you.
A: Can I send someone else to pick up the prescription?
B: Your medication is a controlled substance so the person needs to be over 18.

8
A: I'm calling to see if the results of some tests I took are in?
B: I can check for you. Can I have your name, please?
A: Sure, my name is Willie Foster.
B: Mr. Foster, your doctor is Dr. Edwards?
A: Yes, that's right.
B: Can you tell me when the tests were taken?
A: I was there last week.
B: I see your results are in, Mr. Foster.
A: Great! Can you read them to me?
B: Actually I cannot. You need to come in and see the doctor.
A: Are they that bad? Am I dying?
B: Sir, I'm just the receptionist. Why don't you come and speak to Dr. Edwards?

9
A: Hello, this is Isabel Foster.
B: Hi, Isabel. Why are you calling? You can just come to my office.
A: I'm actually not in the office right now.
B: You aren't? Well, why not? Is everything okay?
A: Actually everything is not okay. I'm pretty sick.
B: I'm sorry to hear that.
A: I'm not going to make it into the office today.
B: There's no way you can come in, just finish that report?
A: If I come in, I may give everyone what I have.
B: Well, what do you have?
A: I have a really bad stomach flu.
B: Eww yeah, in that case, stay home.

10
A: What brings you into my examination room today?
B: I'm here because your receptionist told me I needed to come in to discuss my test results.
A: Well, let me take a look at your file.
B: The receptionist made me nervous when she wouldn't tell me the results over the phone.
A: Legally she can't tell you the results.
B: So is it bad, doctor?
A: Your cholesterol is a little high.
B: Does that mean I'm going to die.
A: Let's not exaggerate.
B; I'm going to be okay?
A: If you change your diet and exercise more, you will be fine.
B: I will do whatever it takes to be healthy.

11
A: I'm calling because I need to reschedule my appointment.
B: What was the original appointment date and time?
A: I am supposed to come in on Thursday at 10 in the morning.
B: Are you Tina Williams?
A: That's me.
B: When would you like to reschedule the appointment for?
A: Can Dr. Harris see me next Tuesday at 10?
B: He doesn't have an opening that day until noon.
A: I'll have to come on my lunch break then.
B: So shall I give you that appointment time?
A: Yeah, put me down for that time.
B: Just let us know 24 hours in advance if you need to cancel or reschedule.

12
A: Can I have a minute?
B: What is going on?
A: I'm really not feeling very well this afternoon.
B: Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.
A: Do you think I can leave the office early?
B: Well, I have some medication here on my desk.
A: I already took some pills and they really aren't helping.
B: It's just that we have the report due today.
A: I already gave Dennis what I have so far.
B: He knows how to finish it?
A: I emailed him detailed instructions.
B: All right, go home then, but leave your phone on so we can call you if we have questions.

13
A: I'm here to have some blood tests done.
B: We take all the samples in the back room, so please follow me.
A: I usually have blood taken at the doctor's office.
B: More and more doctors are outsourcing that to private labs now.
A: It's kind of pain because I have to make another appointment to go somewhere else.
B: I understand, but we are professionals.
A: So you won't mind if I scream when you take blood?
B: Are you a screamer?
A: Sometimes I even faint.
B: I have a very gentle touch.
A: I'm going to close my eyes.
B: Well, first you need to fill out these forms.

14
A: I'm so sick of being sick.
B: Have you been taking any medicine?
A: I have taken every over-the-counter medicine in the pharmacy.
B: Maybe you need a prescription for an antibiotic.
A: I went to the doctor, and he says it's viral so no antibiotic will help.
B: Have you tried any home remedies?
A: What do you suggest?
B: You can try sitting in the bathroom with the shower running so it's all steamy.
A: What will that do?
B: It will help with the congestion.
A: Yeah, but I can't sit in the bathroom all day.
B: Do it in the morning and before you go to bed.

15
A: I need to make an appointment to see Dr. Taylor.
B: Are you already a patient of Dr. Taylor?
A: No, this is the first time I've been seeing him.
B: What kind of appointment is this?
A: It's for my annual physical.
B: Can you tell me what insurance you have?
A: I have Blue Cross.
B: The earliest appointment I can give you is Wednesday, September 3 at 10 in the morning.
A: That works for me.
B: Please bring in your health insurance cards when you come in on that day.
A: Will you send me a reminder in the mail?
B: If you give us your phone number, we will remind you the day before.

16
A: Your blood pressure is very high.
B: What does high blood pressure mean?
A: High blood pressure or hypertension means that there is a lot of pressure on your arteries.
B: That doesn't sound very good.
A: It isn't very good because it means you are at higher risk to develop heart disease.
B: I feel fine, though.
A: High blood pressure is called a silent killer.
B: What causes high blood pressure?
A: It could be the sign of some other diseases.
B: I am already taking medication.
A: You should tell me the medications you are taking because some meds cause high blood pressure.
B: I'd better change my lifestyle.

17
A: Wow, you really look terrible.
B: Thanks a lot. I really feel awful.
A: I'm a nurse ,so you should tell me your symptoms.
B: Well, to begin with, my whole body aches.
A: Have you taken your temperature to see if you have a fever?
B: I have, and I'm running a slight fever.
A: Sounds like you may have the flu.
B: That's impossible because I got my flu shot.
A: You can still get the flu even if you get vaccinated.
B: Well, that makes getting the vaccine pointless.
A: Not really, because you will probably get over it quickly.
B: I'm going to make some tea and lie down.

18
A: What brings you in to see me today?
B: I'm here for my annual check-up.
A: Well, the nurse already took your blood pressure and she said it looks a little high.
B: That could be related to my thyroid medication.
A: That could be it. Let me listen to your heartbeat.
B: Does it sound good, doctor?
A: Sounds nice and strong to me.
B: I am concerned about some pain I've been having in my knee.
A: Are you very physically active?
B: I'm training to run the marathon.
A: That puts a lot of pressure on your knees.
B: I hope I don't have to stop training.

19
A: Help! I need the doctor immediately.
B: What is the problem, sir?
A: I think my wife had a stroke.
B: What symptoms does she have?
A: Look at her! She is awake, but in a catatonic state.
B: How long has she been like this?
A: She's been like this since this morning.
B: She should be taken to the hospital.
A: But this is the doctor's office. You can't help her?
B: She needs to see an emergency specialist.
A: What can you do for her?
B: We are going to have her transferred to the nearest hospital.

20
A: We think your leg may be broken.
B: How will you know for sure?
A: We're going to take you to Radiology to get it x-rayed now.
B: Will the x-ray hurt?
A: It's a pain free procedure that allows us to take a picture of your bones.
B: Are there any side effects associated with taking an x-ray?
A: Diagnostic x-rays are safe as long as they are not overused.
B: I've never had an x-ray in my entire life.
A: Then you should be fine.
B: Can someone be in the room with me?
A: Someone can be in the room with you, but not next to you during the x-ray.
B: Please go get my wife then.

21
A: I'm so glad you could squeeze me into your schedule today, doctor.
B: Sure, what seems to be the problem?
A: I was in a small car accident last month, but only recently noticed some neck pain.
B: Is there any bruising?
A: Not that I can see.
B: Show me where the pain is.
A: The pain feels like a sharp stabbing followed by a dull throbbing.
B: I don't see bruising, but there could be nerve damage.
A: So what do I do next?
B: I'm going to refer you to a nerve specialist.
A: Do you think I can sue?
B: Is that what this is all about?

22
A: Doctor, I have a few questions I would like to ask.
B: I'd be happy to answer your questions.
A: Based on my test results, do you think I should be taking a multi-vitamin?
B: Your levels are all within the normal range, so just eat vitamin rich food.
A: I am trying to get pregnant.
B: Then you should take a pre-natal vitamin.
A: Those are expensive.
B: An alternative would be to eat food enriched with Folic Acid.
A: What foods are enriched with Folic Acid?
B: Some cereals and breads now are enriched with Folic Acid.
A: What if I'm staying away from grains?
B: Then you should take a vitamin with Folic Acid.

23
A: In order to check for an infection, we are going to need a urine sample.
B: How does that work?
A: Take this little cup, and pee in it.
B: Do I have to fill the whole cup?
A: If you fill it half way, it will be fine.
B: What do I do with the cup?
A: Put it in the plastic bag and leave it on the tray in the bathroom.
B: No one else will take my sample?
A: The nurse will take it when you leave the bathroom.
B: I'm glad I drank some water while I was in the waiting room.
A: We would have given you water and waited until you need to use the bathroom.
B: You don't need to wait because I'm ready to use the bathroom now.

24
A: Do you have any tips on how to stay healthy?
B: How do you think I got to look this good at my age?
A: Let me guess, you drink a lot of water?
B: I drink at least eight glasses a day.
A: I bet you exercise every day, too.
B: I try, at the very least, to walk 20 minutes a day.
A: I didn't think walking was good exercise.
B: Walking briskly is great exercise.
A: What about eating habits?
B: Try to eat as much non-processed stuff as possible.
A: What do you mean non-processed?
B: If it's in a can, a bag, or a box it's probably processed.

25
A: I saw a commercial about a heart medication.
B: You don't have any heart problems.
A: I know, but the ad suggested I ask my doctor if that medication was right for me.
B: As your doctor, I can tell you that you don't need any heart medication.
A: Okay, what about this medication that has the commercial with the couple in the bathtub?
B: What about it?
A: Can you prescribe that to me?
B: The only thing I am prescribing you is an antibiotic for your strep throat.
A: What do I do with this piece of paper?
B: Take it to the pharmacy, and the pharmacist will give you the antibiotic.
A: What if it doesn't work?
B: Come back to see me again.


