19 Social

1. Making Plans for the Weekend
2. Going to a Party
3. Inviting a Friend to a Birthday Party
4. Inviting Your Boss to a Dinner Party
5. Accepting an Invitation to a Party
6. Decline an Invitation to a Party
7. Buying Flowers
8. Choosing a Gift
9. Greeting a Visitor
10. Greeting an Old Friend
11. Accepting Food or Drinks
12. Declining Food or Drinks
13. Gossiping
14. Wedding Discussion
15. At Beach

1
A: What are you going to do this weekend?
B: I haven't made any solid plans yet. Why do you ask?
A: There's this event at a bookstore downtown I was thinking of checking out.
B: That sounds really interesting.
A: Yeah, and even if it's not, we can leave and grab a bite.
B: There are so many nice new places that have opened up downtown.
A: I know, and have wanted to try them all.
B: So our meeting time is Saturday at three.
A: I'll meet you at the bookstore.
B: It's the bookstore on Spring Street.
A: We can grab some food and drinks after.
B: An early dinner sounds great.

2
A: Did you get invited to Wanda's party this Sunday?
B: I did. I even went shopping for a new outfit.
A: Did you also go shopping for a gift to bring?
B: We're supposed to bring gifts?
A: Of course! You can't just show up at someone's house empty handed.
B: I don't even know what Wanda likes.
A: You can buy something that everyone at the party will like.
B: It's not everyone's party, it's Wanda's party.
A: I mean you can bring a fruit salad or some wine.
B: Not everyone drinks wine though.
A: I'm just giving you suggestions.
B: I guess I'd better go back to the mall.

3
A: You know my birthday is coming up in three weeks.
B: So you are getting older.
A: Indeed I am, and that's why I'm celebrating with a party.
B: I love parties! When is it going to be?
A: The party is going to be the Saturday before my birthday.
B: Where is the party going to be held?
A: It's going to be at the arcade on Main Street. Will you come?
B: Of course I will be there.
A: Here's an invitation with all of the details.
B: What time does the party start?
A: It starts at 1 p.m.
B: I will be there!

4
A: I really want to thank you again for approving that raise.
B: No problem, Val. You deserve it because of all your hard work.
A: Regardless, I would like to show my appreciation by inviting you to dinner.
B: How thoughtful of you, Val.
A: My husband and I would like to throw a dinner party in your honor.
B: That would be lovely.
A: Can you join us this Thursday evening?
B: Thursday evening works for me.
A: Please bring your wife.
B: She'll have to check her schedule, but it should work out.
A: I'm also inviting the head of the finance department and his wife.
B: They are a lovely couple.

5
A: I'm calling because I got the invitation to your party in the mail.
B: I was worried that maybe it got lost.
A: No, it came in the mail yesterday.
B: So, will you be coming to the party?
A: You bet I'll be there.
B: Great! please feel free to bring your family.
A: I was actually looking forward to some time away from them.
B: Regardless if you come with them or solo, please don't bring any gifts.
A: Why is that?
B: My husband is having the whole thing catered.
A: I can at least bring a bottle of wine.
B: That would be nice.

6
A: Did you get the invitation to my party?
B: The invitation came in the mail yesterday.
A: I was worried it got lost in the mail.
B: Unfortunately, I can't go to your party. I wish I could.
A: I'm sorry to hear that.
B: My mother-in-law is visiting that day.
A: I'm really sorry that you can't come.
B: If I could sneak out of the house, I would, but my wife would kill me.
A: I wouldn't want that on my hands.
B: The next party you have, I promise I will be there.
A: What if your mother-in-law visits again?
B; Thankfully, she only comes once a year.

7
A: I'd like to buy some flowers for my best friend's birthday.
B: What is your friend's favorite color?
A: She loves the color pink.
B: I can make her a bouquet with pink roses.
A: I don't want roses because that seems romantic, not to mention expensive.
B: I can make the bouquet with carnations, lilies, and daisies instead.
A: That sounds friendlier and cheaper.
B: Would you like these to be delivered to your friend?
A: That would be a great surprise.
B: Just fill out this card and include the delivery address.
A: Can you deliver these today?
B: I can have them to your friend before 5 p.m.

8
A: I'm so bad at picking out gifts for my husband.
B: The eternal question of what to get for the man who has everything.
A: What do you suggest?
B: Well, is your husband into sports?
A: He is a huge fan of both soccer and American football.
B: Well, the football season is about to start. How about a jersey from his favorite team?
A: That's actually a great idea.
B: Just tell me what size he is.
A: He's really tall but slim.
B: How about a large then?
A: If it doesn't fit, can I return it?
B: I'll include a gift receipt so he can return it, too.

9
A: Thank you for coming to my party this evening.
B: No, thank you for letting me come as my cousin's guest.
A: Any relative of Tina is welcome in my home. Have a seat.
B: Thank you. You two know each other for a long time?
A: We have. Can I get you something to drink?
B: A glass of water will be fine.
A: Would you like that with or without ice?
B: Without ice is fine.
A: We also have a buffet out back.
B: Could you show me the way?
A: Sure just follow me. I think your cousin is out back.
B: You really have a lovely home.

10
A: It's been so long since I've seen you!
B: I know. You haven't changed a bit.
A: Oh, stop lying. I've gained a little weight.
B: We all have gained some weight.
A: Tell me how the kids are doing.
B: They are doing well, and yours?
A: They are doing so well, growing up so fast.
B: Are you at the same job or are you doing something else?
A: No. I left that place three years ago to start my own business.
B: Congratulations! You always had an independent spirit.
A: Thanks. It's going really well so far.
B: I'd love to hear more about it over a cup of coffee.

11
A: Can I get you something to drink?
B: I would love something to drink.
A: I have water, juice, ice tea or did you want something stronger?
B: Something stronger would be great. Do you have wine?
A: I do. Would you prefer red wine or white wine?
B: I'd love white, but it depends what kind you have.
A: I have Chardonnay.
B: That would be great. I'll take a glass.
A: Excellent! Should I also bring out some cheese and crackers.
B: That would go so well with the wine.
A: Great! Just give me a moment to get that from the kitchen.
B: You are such a wonderful host.

12
A: Can I get you something to drink?
B: No, thanks. I just finished a whole bottle of water.
A: You won't mind if I have something then?
B: Of course not.
A: Can I offer you some fruit or cheese?
B: I just had lunch before I came here.
A: I really hope you don't mind if I eat because I haven't had lunch.
B: Go right ahead and do what you normally do.
A: I didn't eat because I assumed you would be joining me.
B: I hope you're not offended.
A: No, I'm not offended at all.
B: Oh, good. I ate before because I didn't want to impose.

13
A: Did you hear what happened to Marie?
B: I have no idea what happened. Is she okay?
A: She's devastated. Marie and her fiancé called the wedding off.
B: She was so excited about the wedding. How did you find out?
A: I saw Marie posting on Facebook; she was sad about losing her love.
B: What do you think happen?
A: I think Marie's fiancé is still in love with his ex.
B: What makes you say that?
A: Have you seen his Facebook page?
B: No. What does it say?
A: He has pictures of him and his so-called ex.
B: Wow, I feel so bad for Marie.

14
A: I always get so emotional at weddings.
B: Me too, especially when I see the bride and groom kiss.
A: The bride looked so beautiful.
B: She did, and the groom looked so dapper in his tux.
A: I'll see you at the reception in a little bit.
B: No, you won't, because I wasn't invited.
A: Oh, I'm so sorry. Maybe your invite was lost in the mail.
B: It's okay. Why don't you bring me as your plus one?
A: Actually no, because I'm going with my husband.
B: Please take pictures so I can see how nice everyone looked.
A: I'm sure there will be pictures online afterwards.
B: It's not the same as being there.

15
A: What a great day to be at the beach.
B: I love the smell of the salt-water air.
A: Are you going to go swimming in that water?
B: You bet. I'm going into the ocean.
A: I actually hate swimming in the ocean.
B: Why do you like the beach then?
A: I like people watching.
B: Do you like doing that at the pool?
A: Yes, but when I go to the pool, I actually swim.
B: So I guess you won't go surfing with me.
A: Nope, but I'll cheer for you from my beach towel.
B: I'd rather do something together like making a sand castle.


