21 Voting

1. Election Day
2. Election System
3. Polling Place
4. Absentee Ballot
5. Speaking Negatively about the Candidate
6. Speaking Positively about the Candidate
7. Fundraising for Campaigns
8. Volunteering for Campaigns
9. Working at the Polling Place
10. Asking Questions at the Polling Place
11. Meeting Candidate before Voting
12. Interviewing a Voter
13. Excitement after Voting
14. Discussing Who You Voted for
15. Disappointed at the Result
16. Happy with the Result
17. Comments on the New President

1
A: Are you voting?
B: Is Election Day coming up?
A: It is. Election day is the first Tuesday in November.
B: I'm not sure if I'm even registered.
A: Did you fill out a registration form?
B: I did, and I think I got a card in the mail.
A: That's your voter card. So you are all set.
B: Are you going to vote?
A: I am going to vote. Why don't we go together?
B: That's a great idea. I still need to decide who I'm voting for.
A: I received so many mailings from all the candidates.
B: I'm going to go to your house and read them to help me decide.

2
A: Election Day is next Tuesday.
B: Did you register to vote?
A: How do you register?
B: If you are a U.S. citizen, 18 years or older, you can fill out a form.
A: What does the form ask you?
B: It asks for basic details like your name, address, age, and what political party you want to join.
A: Do I have to choose a political party?
B: No, that's optional, but if you choose a party, you can vote in certain primaries.
A: What happens once I register?
B: You'll get a voter card in the mail.
A: What good is that?
B: It will tell you where your polling place is.

3
A: Tomorrow's Election Day, but I don't know where I'm supposed to go vote.
B: You didn't get a card in the mail telling you where you polling place is?
A: I think I threw it away. Can't I just go with you?
B: No. Everyone's polling place is different based on your address.
A: So how do I know where to go now?
B: You can check the Board of Elections website.
A: What if I don't have Internet access?
B: There's also a phone number you can call.
A: Where is your polling place?
B: My polling place is at the recreation center a block away from my house.
A: Will my polling place be close to where I live?
B: It should be within walking distance.

4
A: I don't think I'll be in town on Election Day.
B: You can still vote though.
A: How can I vote if I won't be here?
B: You can file an absentee ballot.
A: How do I do that?
B: You can ask for a mail-in ballot.
A: What is that?
B: It's a form you mail in saying who you want to vote for.
A: Does it count like a regular ballot?
B: It's just as if you were voting in person.
A: I'd better ask for one then.
B: You should do it quickly since it has to be in a week before Election Day.

5
A: Are you voting for the same mayoral candidate I am voting for?
B: There is no way I'm voting for your guy.
A: Why are you saying that?
B: Are you kidding? Have you heard him speak?
A: What do you mean?
B: I don't agree with his positions.
A: I think he has a great education plan.
B: He's going to ruin our schools with his plan.
A: Come on! How about his jobs plan?
B: That's even worse than his education plan.
A: I think you need to give the guy a chance.
B: The candidate I'm choosing is way better than your guy.

6
A: I'm really looking forward to casting my vote today.
B: Oh really? Why?
A: I think my candidate will really change the way things are done in our city.
B: How is that?
A: Her education policy will help all students.
B: I'll have to review her policy plan before I vote.
A: You really should. You're a parent.
B: What else do you like about the candidate?
A: Her economic policy will lower the unemployment rate in the city.
B: I've been unemployed for a while.
A: Then you should vote for her.
B: I'll read up on her positions.

7
A: Would you be interested in donating to our candidate's campaign today?
B: Maybe. Can you tell me more about why you are raising money?
A: Sure! Campaign ads are expensive, so we want to raise money for TV ads.
B: Some of those ads are so negative though.
A: You're right, but the new ads are going to be positive.
B: How much money are you trying to raise?
A: We need a few thousand dollars
B: Is this the only way you are raising money?
A: No. We are doing phone banking and even having an event.
B: What kind of event?
A: We are hosting a lunch with the candidate.
B: I may be interested in donating for that.

8
A: I wonder what I can do to get involved in the campaign?
B: You can volunteer.
A: What does a campaign volunteer do?
B: All kinds of things like handing out pamphlets.
A: Pamphlets about what?
B: About the candidate and what they stand for.
A: That sounds like it would be a great way to meet people.
B: It is. Volunteers also make phone calls and ask for money.
A: I would feel awkward asking strangers for money.
B: It's not for you. It's for your candidate.
A: You have a point.
B: Volunteering for a campaign is a great experience.

9
A: I'm really excited about my short-term job.
B: What's so great about it?
A: I'll be working at a polling place.
B: What do you do at that job?
A: I'll help to make sure voters are voting at the right place and answer basic questions.
B: Was the job hard to get?
A: Not really. I filled out an application online.
B: That's all you had to do?
A: There was a mandatory training too, but they paid me for that.
B: Does it pay well?
A: It pays better than the minimum wage.
B: Maybe I'll become a poll worker, too.

10
A: This is my first time voting and I need some help.
B: I'll be happy to help you. What's your name and address?
A: Here's my identification.
B: You are in the right place.
A: How do you know?
B: Your name is right here. Sign next to the image of your signature.
A: Okay, sign here. Then what?
B: Then you are ready to vote.
A: Where do I do that?
B: You can use that empty booth right behind you.
A: You are so helpful.
B: I'm just doing my job as a poll worker.

11
A: I hope you are on your way to vote right now.
B: I am. And I'm actually voting for you!
A: Glad to hear that. I appreciate your vote.
B: Can I ask you a question?
A: That's why I'm out here today.
B: Do you really think you can change City Hall?
A: I am sure going to try.
B: See that's the reason why you have my vote.
A: Make sure you tell a friend to vote today.
B: Should I tell them to vote for you?
A: You don't have to, but it sure would be appreciated.
B: Every vote counts.

12
A: I work for the Big City Newspaper, and I'm doing a story on Election Day.
B: I read that paper all the time!
A: Great! So I can interview you for my story?
B: I would love that!
A: Did you vote today?
B: I'm on my way home from voting now.
A: Who did you vote for?
B: I voted for our city's first female mayor.
A: Were there many people voting?
B: I think turnout was pretty low. It's a shame.
A: Why do you think that is?
B: I think people think all politicians are dishonest.

13
A: That was such a rush.
B: What did you do?
A: It was my first time voting in an election.
B: Oh wow! Congratulations, but why is that so exciting for you?
A: Are you kidding? I just played a role in history.
B: What if the incumbent wins?
A: Still, participating in U.S. democracy is great.
B: Maybe because I've done it so many times, and it doesn't seem like a big deal to me.
A: I can't wait to vote again next election.
B: Not everyone votes, so it's good that you take it seriously.
A: Everyone should take it seriously.
B: You're a great example.

14
A: So, who did you vote for?
B: I voted for De Blasio.
A: It's been a while since New York City had a Democrat as a mayor.
B: It has been too long.
A: You think so? I'm a Republican.
B: It's like Obama's campaign. Change is good.
A: I guess we'll have to wait for the results.
B: That's true.
A: May the best person win.
B: I hope it was my candidate.
A: What if De Blasio doesn't win?
B: It's only four years till the next election.

15
A: I'm really bummed that Di Blasio won the election.
B: Really? Why is that?
A: I think Republican mayors have been good for our city.
B: There's too much inequality.
A: You think this new mayor will change that?
B: You bet he will. It was his campaign promise.
A: Politicians make promises all the time. It doesn't mean anything.
B: I think you're wrong.
A: Mark my words. This will mean more crime.
B: Crime has been going down all over the country.
A: Thanks to the Democrats.
B: I guess we'll have to give the new mayor a chance.

16
A: Finally we'll have a Democratic mayor in New York City.
B: I don't even know what that is like.
A: Exactly! There hasn't been a Democrat running this city in a long time.
B: I hope he will live up to all his campaign promises.
A: He will. The mayor elect is really sincere.
B: They all seem sincere in the beginning.
A: This is really going to turn the city around.
B: How will that happen?
A: Are your kidding? There will be better schools.
B: The school system is pretty bad right now.
A: There will also be more affordable housing.
B: The city sure could use that.

17
A: Having a new president will change the course of history.
B: Why do you say that?
A: Well, Obama was our first black president. Now we have our first woman.
B: You think gender matters that much?
A: Absolutely! Women view things differently.
B: You don't think she'll be too soft on foreign policy?
A: No way! Look how she handled things as Secretary of State.
B: That's true. She was tough, but also sympathetic.
A: Exactly. We need someone who is more than just tough.
B: I worry about people being too tough on her.
A: She was a first lady so she knows the ins and outs.
B: She definitely has experience.


