26 Entertainment

1. A New Game
2. A Comic Book
3. Anime Series
4. Comiccon
5. Sitting on the Swings
6. Enjoy Reading
7. LARPing
8. Arcade
9. Movie Stars
10. Awards Show
11. Movie Rental
12. Not a Shooting Game
13. Enthusiastic Fan
14. Record it for Me
15. Beautiful Opera

1
A: What are you playing?
B: It's a new game I downloaded on my iPhone.
A: Is it fun?
B: Yes! I really like competing with my friends.
A: You can compare your scores with other people?
B: That's right! If you get a higher score, the game gives you prizes.
A: What kinds of prizes?
B: Better equipment for your character, or even weapons.
A: That game sounds like a lot of fun!
B: It really is! You should download it.
A: Alright! Then I can compete against you!
B: In that case, get ready to lose!

2
A: Have you read the new Batman comic issue?
B: No. Is it out in stores already?
A: Yes. A new shipment arrived just yesterday.
B: I'll go get it as soon as my shift is over.
A: It's really amazing!
B: I love this series. The villains are so cool!
A: I know what you mean. They have great backstories!
B: I never get tired of reading Batman.
A: I wonder if they will make another movie soon.
B: I like the comics better than the movies, though.
A: Me too, but comics don't have special effects!
B: I guess the movies have their perks, too.

3
A: Why do you seem so tired today?
B: I stayed up all night watching that new anime.
A: You stayed up to watch it again?
B: I just had to find out what happened next!
A: I don't think it's good to watch so many cartoons.
B: Anime series are not cartoons!
A: Of course, they are! They're drawn and colored.
B: Anime is not for children. The stories are more intense.
A: I think you're just telling yourself that.
B: Cartoons don't have storylines like anime series do.
A: Either way, it's just a silly television show.
B: You really don't understand the life of a fan.

4
A: You sure are buying a lot of snacks.
B: That's because I'm going on a long car trip.
A: Where are you driving to?
B: I'm driving to Comic-Con in San Diego this weekend.
A: You're driving all the way there to read comic books?
B: No. I will be meeting comic artists and voice actors.
A: That sounds really impressive!
B: If I'm lucky, I'll even meet Stan Lee!
A: Is he as famous as Bruce Lee?
B: Stan Lee is a famous comic book writer and creator.
A: I think I'd be more impressed to meet Bruce Lee.
B: Bruce Lee wouldn't stand a chance against Stan's heroes!

5
A: What are we doing here at the park? We haven't played here since we were children.
B: That's exactly why it would be so much fun!
A: I'd rather go to the movies.
B: Just sit on the swings for a while. I bet I can go higher!
A: You sound like a kid, alright.
B: Kids are the best at having fun, you know.
A: I have to admit, this does bring back some memories.
B: I still think the playground is pretty entertaining.
A: Maybe we should come swing every once in a while.
B: I think I'd be up to do something like that.
A: Cheapest form of entertainment ever!

6
A: Have you been in your room all day?
B: Yes, I have been staying in my room.
A: It's already evening! What have you been doing?
B: I've been reading a very interesting book.
A: That is exactly why I don't like reading.
B: Why don't you like reading?
A: You could have watched three movies by now!
B: Books are always much better than movies.
A: The Hunger Games movies are pretty good.
B: They leave out a lot of the best details!
A: It's probably because the details were not that important.
B: Details are what makes life interesting!

7
A: Why are you dressed in that weird costume?
B: I'm going LARPing with some friends.
A: What's LARPing?
B: It stands for Live Action Role Playing.
A: What do you do when you LARP?
B: You dress up as someone and do things in character.
A: That sounds really ridiculous.
B: It's really fun, actually.
A: Don't you feel silly wearing that in public?
B: It's all part of the fun!
A: While you do that, I think I'll go to the arcade.
B: Alright, but you're missing out!

8
A: I love playing all of these old fashioned games!
B: Me, too! Too bad it's so expensive.
A: I wish they'd cost nickels instead of quarters.
B: I think that would lose the arcade a lot of money.
A: Maybe, but it would get them a lot of new customers.
B: Despite the high cost, these games are a lot of fun.
A: Look at these old graphics!
B: It's funny to think they were once considered high-tech.
A: I used to be really good at this game when I was a kid.
B: My brother and I used to compete all the time.
A: Let's see who gets a higher score!
B: Maybe tomorrow. I'm already out of quarters.

9
A: I don't think I'd like to be famous.
B: Why not? It seems like a good lifestyle.
A: There would always be paparazzi following me everywhere.
B: I guess that would be really annoying.
A: It would be impossible to get any peace and quiet.
B: Not to mention the lack of privacy.
A: I'd love to be in an action movie, though!
B: Why do you want to be in an action movie?
A: Then I could say that I was a superhero!
B: I don't think anyone would believe that you're a superhero.
A: They would if I was in an action movie!
B: Like I said before, that's never going to happen.

10
A: I love it when people fall on the red carpet!
B: Why would you like watching that?
A: It's funny to see someone famous fall!
B: I think it's mean to laugh at anyone falling.
A: You laughed at me when I fell last time!
B: Well, how would you like it if you fell on national TV?
A: I guess that would be embarrassing.
B: You should always put yourself in others' shoes!
A: I still think it's pretty funny, though.
B: Haven't you learned your lesson?
A: Yes. If I fell on national TV, I'd be the first person to laugh.
B: I guess that's a good attitude to have.

11
A: I want to watch a movie.
B: Nothing good is playing at the theater.
A: That's true. Plus, I don't have much money.
B: Do you have a Netflix account?
A: No, I don't.
B: Why don't we go rent a movie?
A: Is it expensive?
B: No, just a couple of dollars.
A: We can buy some snacks, too.
B: It will be like a mini trip to the movies.
A: That sounds good to me! Let's go.
B: I'm right behind you!

12
A: What are you playing?
B: I'm playing a new game I bought yesterday.
A: Is it one of those shooting games?
B: No, it's not a shooting game.
A: Is it a sports game?
B: It's a role-playing game.
A: What's a role-playing game?
B: You play as a character and complete missions.
A: That doesn't sound too hard.
B: Some of the missions take a lot of cleverness!
A: Then I'll stick to shooting games.
B: All that'll do is kill your brain cells.

13
A: I've run out of money for my iTunes!
B: You used it all up already?
A: I bought my favorite artists' albums today.
B: You must really like their music.
A: I do! There is no other like it.
B: Have you ever watched a live concert?
A: No, but I hope to, someday!
B: Until then, maybe you should refill your iTunes card.
A: I think I'll just use it all up again.
B: Then maybe you have all you need for now.
A: I'm going to look up her concerts on YouTube!
B: That's a better idea!

14
A: Can you record the new episode of Clarence for me?
B: Why don't you watch it yourself?
A: I won't be home that day and my Internet is down.
B: Okay, I'll record it since I know it's your favorite show.
A: Thank you in advance!
B: It may be a good chance to watch it myself, actually.
A: I really recommend it! It's cute and funny.
B: Have you watched the shows I recommended to you?
A: No, but I will once my Internet works again.
B: We can have a day that we get together to watch TV shows.
A: That sounds like a lot of fun!
B: It's a plan, then!

15
A: Have you ever been to the opera before?
B: No, but I hear it's very beautiful.
A: Is it true that opera is sung in a foreign language?
B: Yes, usually in Italian or French.
A: How are we supposed to know what's going on?
B: The actors also tell the story with their actions.
A: It seems a bit confusing to me.
B: The music is supposed to be beautiful, regardless.
A: Are they accompanied by an orchestra?
B: Yes, a very large one with talented performers.
A: I suppose the music will tell a story, too.
B: Yes. Music is a universal language.

