从句-例句

第一章、主语从句
主语从句的引导词
主语从句通常由连词that和whether、连接代词或连接副词以及关系代词型what引导。
1. that引导
That he is still alive is a wonder. 他还活着，真是奇迹。
That we shall be late is certain. 我们要晚了，这是确定无疑的。
That he should have ignored the working class was natural. 他忽视工人阶级是很自然的。
That she is still alive is a consolation. 她还活着是使人感到宽慰的。
That she became an artist may have been due to her father’s influence. 她成为画家可能是受她父亲的影响。
That you are coming to London is the best news I have heard this long time. 你将来伦敦是好久以来我听到的最好消息。
That she was chosen made a tremendous stir in her village. 她被挑选上，在她村 子里引起很大轰动。
2. whether引导
Whether it will do us harm remains to be seen. 是否对我们有害还要看一看。
Whether they would support us was a problem. 他们是否会支持我们还是一个问题。
3. 连接代词引导
Whoever is top from wins the game when two matched players meet. 两强相争勇者胜。
Whichever (of you) comes in first will receive a prize. 无论(你们)谁先到都可以得奖。
Whichever you want is yours. 你要哪个哪个就是你的。
4. 连接副词引导
When we arrive doesn’t matter. 什么时候到没有关系。
How it was done was a mystery. 这是怎样做的是一个谜。
How this happended is not clear to anyone. 这件事怎样发生的，谁也不清楚。
How many people we are to invite is still a question. 邀请多少人还是一个问题。
Where I spend my summer is no business of yours. 我在哪里过暑假不关你的事。
5. 关系代词型what引导
What we need is money. 我们需要的是钱。
What I want to know is this. 我想知道的就是这一点。
What’s done is done. 事已成定局。
What he says is not important. 他说的话并不重要。
What I am telling you is mere impressions. 我和你说的都不过是一些印象而已。
What make the river more beautiful are the lotus plants growing in the water. 为河水增色的是水里的荷花。
What you need is a good-sized canvas bag. 你需要的是一个比较大的帆布袋。
What I am afraid of is their taking him to Portugal. 我担心的是他们把他带到葡萄牙去。
What struck me was that they have all suffered a lot. 给我很深印象的是他们都受过很多苦。

主语从句与形式主语it
有时为了考虑句子平衡，通常在主语从句处使用形式主语it，而将真正的主语从句移至句末。这分三种情况：
(1) 对于以连词that引导的主语从句，通常用形式主语代主语从句：
It’s a pity that he didn’t come. 很遗憾他没来。
It is important that he should know about this. 他必须知道此事。
It’s vital that we be present. 我们出席是至关重要的。
It was intended that you be the candidate. 大家的意图是让你当候选人。
It is important that this mission not fail. 这项使命不失败至关重要。
It is essential that a meeting be convened this week. 本周开一次会非常重要。
It is appropriate that this tax be abolished. 废除这个税是恰当的。
It’s unfair that so many people should lose their jobs. 竟有这么多人失业这是不公平的。
It’s amazing that she should have said nothing about it. 她竟未谈及此事令人惊讶。
It’s unthinkable that they should deny my request. 他们竟然拒绝我的请求，这是不可思议的。
That they should refuse to sign the petition required great courage. 他们拒绝在请愿书上签字这是需要很大勇气的。
(2) 对于以连接代词(副词)引导的主语从句，可以使用形式主语代主语从句，也可直接在句首使用主语从句：
Whether they would support us was a problem. 他们是否会支持我们还是一个问题。
It was a problem whether they would support us. 他们是否会支持我们还是一个问题。
It remains to be seen whether it will do us harm or good. 它对我们是利是害，还得看看再说。
(3) 对关系代词型what引导的主语从句，通常直接将主语从句放在句首。如：
What we need is money. 我们需要的是钱。
What I want to know is this. 我想知道的就是这一点。
有时也可将助用形式主语。如：
It is clear enough what he meant. 他是什么意思很清楚。
(4) 如果句子是疑问句，则必须用带形式主语it的结构：
Is it true that he is the girl’s father? 他是那女孩的父亲，是真的吗？
How is it that you are late again? 你怎么又迟到了？(from www.yygrammar.com)

连词that的省略问题
引导主语从句的连词that 有时可省，有时不能省，其原则是：若that引导的主语从句直接位于句首，则that不能省略；若that引导的主语从句位于句末，而在句首使用了形式主语it，则that可以省略：
That you didn’t go to the talk was a pity. 很遗憾你没去听报告。(that不可省)
It was a pity (that) you didn’t go to the talk. 很遗憾你没去听报告。(that可省)

第二章、宾语从句
宾语从句的引导词
宾语从句通常由连词that和whether (if)、连接代词或连接副词以及关系代词型what引导：
1. that引导
We believe that he is honest. 我们相信他是诚实的。
The doctor insists that I give up smoking医生坚持要我戒烟。
I suggest that we should go tomorrow. 我建议我们明天走。
I suggested that we should go the next day. 我建议我们第二天走。
We learnt from his letter that he was in Spain. 从他的信里我们了解到他在西班牙。
The seller demanded that payment should be made within five days. 卖方要求5日内付款。
2. whether / if引导
I don’t know whether he’ll arrive in time. 我不知道他是否能及时到。
I didn’t know whether they liked the place. 我不知道他们是否喜欢这个地方。
I’ll see whether I can induce him to accept it. 我要看看我是否能劝他接受。
I asked her whether she agreed. 我问她是否同意。
He enquired if her parents spoke Spanish. 他问她父母是否讲西班牙语。
I wonder if it’s large enough. 我不知道它是否够大。
She didn’t say if he was still alive. 她没说他是否还活着。
3. 连接代词引导
I don’t know who [whom] you mean. 我不知道你指谁。
Please tell me which you like. 告诉我你喜欢哪一个。
I’Il do whatever I can do. 我将做我所能做的事。
You can take whichever you like. 你爱拿哪个就拿哪个吧。
We’ll do whatever we can to save him. 我们将尽我们所能来挽救他。
Take whichever seat you like. 你要坐哪个座就坐哪个座位。
Give it to whoever you like. 你把它爱给谁就给谁。
You don’t know what you are talking about. 你在说什么，你自己也不知道。
Tomorrow at this time we’ll know who is elected. 明天这时候我们就会知道谁当选了。
4. 连接副词引导
He asked why he had to go alone. 他问他为什么必须一个人去。
You don’t know when you are lucky. 你身在福中不知福。
I asked how he was getting on. 我问他情况怎样。
He knows where they live. 他知道他们住哪里。
Have you found out how wide the ditch Was? 你了解到那条沟有多宽吗?
I’d like to know when they will let him out. 我很想知道他们什么时候会放他出来。
We didn’t know why he had answered in that fashion. 我们不明白他为什么这样回答。
5. 关系代词what引导
She has got what she wanted. 她要的东西得到了。
I want to tell you what I hear. 我想把听到的情况告诉你。
He could not express what he felt. 他无法表达内心的感受。
They did what they could to console her. 他们尽量安慰她。
They thought they could do what they liked with him. 他们以为他们可以对他为所欲为。
【注意】有时介词后可接一个宾语从句(但介词后通常不接that和if引导的宾语从句)：
From what you say, he is right. 根据你所说的，他是对的。
有极个别介词(如but, except)可接that引导的宾语从句：
She remembered nothing about him except that his hair was black. 她对他什么都不记得，只记得他的头发是黑的。
比较下面两句用what引导的宾语从句，它们的意思不一样：
He began to think about what he should do. 他开始考虑应当怎样做

宾语从句与形式宾语it
当宾语从句后跟有宾语补足语时，通常在宾语从句处使用形式宾语it，而将真正的宾语从句移至句末：
I think it best that you should stay here. 我认为你最好住这儿。
He hasn’t made it known when he is going to get married. 他还没宣布他何时结婚。
She found it difficult to answer the question. 她发现回答这个问题很困难。
He feels it his duty to hetp others. 他认为帮助别人是他的责任。
He thought it best to be on his guard. 他认为他最好还是要警惕。
He made it a rule to speak in Parliament at least once every session. 他规定自己在议会每次开会时至少发一次言。
I find it interesting talking go you. 我觉得同你谈话很有意思。
I consider it wrong to cheat in an examination. 我认为考试作弊是不对的。

连词that的省略问题
引导宾语从句的连词that 通常可以省略：
She said (that) she would come to the meeting. 她说过要来开会的。
I promise you (that) I will be there. 我答应你我会去。
I hoped (that) I would / should succeed. 我曾希望我会成功。
He thinks (that) they will give him a visa. 他想他们会给他签证。
He thought (that) they would give him 3 visa. 他本想他们会给他签证。
I expect (that) the plane will he diverted. 我料想飞机会改变航线。
I expected (that) the plane would be diverted. 我本料想飞机会改变航线。
Everybody knows (that) money doesn’t grow on trees. 众所周知，金钱是不会从树上长出来的。
I suggested (that) they should / shouldn’t drive along the coast. 我建议他们沿着 / 不要沿着海岸开车。
【注】有时为了强调，that引导的宾语从句可位于句首，此时that不可省略：
That she is a good girl I know. 她是一个好姑娘，我是知道的。

宾语从句与否定转移
当动词think, believe, suppose, expect, imagine 后接一个表示否定意义的宾语从句时，其否定通常转移到主语：
I don’t suppose that it is true. 我认为那不是真的。
I don’t imagine that he will come. 我想他不会来的。(from www.yygrammar.com)
I don’t think we need waste much time on it. 我想我们不必在这上面花太多时间
We didn’t think we’d be this late. 我们没想到我们会到得这么晚。
I don’t suppose I’ll trouble you again. 我想我不要再麻烦你了。

第三章、表语从句
表语从句的引导词
引导表语从句的词有连词that, whether，连接代词和连接副词，关系代词型what，以及as if, as though, because等连词。
1. 由that引导
The fact is that he doesn’t really try. 事实是他没有做真正的努力。
The trouble is that I have lost his address. 麻烦的是我把他的地址丢了。
My suggestion is that we should tell him. 我的建议是我们应该告诉他。
His sole requirement was (is) that the system work. 他唯一的要求是这个制度能起作用。
My idea is that we should start making preparations right now. 我的意见是我们马上就开始做准备工作。
2. 由whether引导
The question is whether the film is worth seeing. 问题是这部电影是否值得看。
【注意】whether 可引导表语从句，但与之同义的if却通常不用于引导表语从句。
3. 由连接代词引导
You are not who I thought you were. 你已不是我过去所想像的人。
The problem is who we can get to replace her. 问题是我们能找到谁去替换她呢。
The question is who (m) we should trust. 问题是我们应当相信谁。
What I want to know is which road we should take. 我想知道的是我们应走哪条路。
4. 由连接副词引导
The problem is how we can find him. 问题是我们如何找到他。
That was when I was fifteen. 这是我15岁时发生的事。
That’s where I first met her. 那就是我第一次遇见她的地方。
That’s why he didn’t come. 这就是他没有来的缘故。
That’s why I object to the plan. 这就是我反对这个计划的原因。
That’s where you are wrong. 这就是你不对的地方。
5. 由关系代词型what引导
That’s what I want to stress. 这是我想强调的。
That’s what we are here for. 我们来这里就为了这个。
Fame and personal gain is what they’re after. 他们追求的是名利。
He is no longer what he was. 他已经不是以前的他了。
6. 由as if / as though引导
It isn’t as if you were going away for ever. 又不是你离开不回来了。
Now it was as though she had known Millie for years. 现在好像她认识米莉已有好多年了似的。
It is not as though we were poor. 又不是我们家里穷。
7. 由because引导
It is because I love you too much. 那是因为我太爱你了。
That’s because you can’t appreciate music. 这是因为你不能欣赏音乐。
If I’m a bit sleepy, it’s because I was upall night. 如果我有点困，是因为一夜没睡。
It's because I passed a slip of paper for John to Helen in class. 这是因为我在上课中替约翰传纸条给海伦。
【注意】because 可引导表语从句，但与之同义的since, as, for等也不用于引导表语从句。

连词that的省略问题
引导表语从句的that通常不省略，但在口语或非正式文体中有时也可省略：
My idea is (that) we should do it right away. 我的意见是我们应该马上干。
The trouble is (that) he is ill. 糟糕的是他病了。

第四章、同位语从句
同位语从句的引导词
引导同位语从句的词语通常有连词that，whether，连接代词和连接副词等。
1. 由that引导
We heard the news that our team had won. 我们听到消息说我们队赢了。
They were worried over the fact that you were sick. 他们为你生病发愁。
The news that we are having a holiday tomorrow is not true. 明天放假的消息不实。
I’ve come to the conclusion that it was unwise to do that. 我得出结论这样做是不明智的。
The fact that the money has gone does not mean it was stolen. 那笔钱不见了这一事实并不意味着是被偷了。
He referred to Copernicus’ statement that the earth moves round the sun. 他提到了哥白尼关于地球绕太阳转的说法。
【注意1】 在某些名词(如demand, wish, suggestion, resolution等)后面的同位语从句要用虚拟语气。如：
They were faced with the demand that this tax be abolished. 他们面对废除这个税的要求。
They expressed the wish that she accept the award. 他们表示希望她接受这笔奖金。
There was a suggestion that Brown should be dropped from the team. 有一项建议是布朗应该离队。
The suggestion that the new rule be adopted came from the chairman. 采纳新规则的建议是主席提出的。
The resolution that women be allowed to join the society was carried. 允许妇女参加这个协会的决议通过了。
I can understand their eagerness that you should be the main speaker. 我理解他们希望你作主要发言人的殷切心情。
【注意2】 引导同位语从句的连词that通常不省略，但在非正式文体中也可以省去。如：
He gabbed his suitcase and gave the impression he was boarding the Tokyo plane. 他拿起了手提箱，给人的印象是他要登上飞往东京的飞机了。
2. 由whether引导
There is some doubt whether he will come. 他是否会来还不一定。
Answer my question whether you are coming. 你回答我的问题：你来不来。
The question whether it is right or wrong depends on the result. 这个是对还是错要看结果。
We are not investigating the question whether he is trustworthy. 我们不是在调查他是否可以信任的问题。
【注意】 whether 可引导同位语从句，但if不能引导同位语从句。
3. 由连接代词引导
Have you any idea what time it starts? 你知道什么时候开始吗?
From 1985-90 I was an instructor at the regional party headquarters. After that I went back to work in a factory. Then I had no idea what a casino was. 从1985年到1990年我是地方党部的教员。随后我回到一家工厂工作。当时我不知道赌场是什么样的地方。
4. 由连接副词引导
I have no idea when he will come back. 我不知道他什么时候回来。
It is a question how he did it. 那是一个他如何做的问题。
He had no idea why she left. 他不知道她为什么离开。
You have no idea how worried I was! 你不知道我多着急!

关于分离同位语从句
有时同位语从句可以和同位的名词分开。如：
The story goes that he beats his wife. 传说他打老婆。
The news got about that he had won a car in the lottery. 消息传开说他中彩得了一辆汽车。
The rumour spread that a new school would be built here. 谣传这里要盖一所新学校。
Report has it that the Smiths are leaving town. 有传言说史密斯一家要离开这座城市。
The thought came to him that maybe the enemy had fled the city. 他想到可能敌人已逃离这座城市。
The order soon came that all citizens should evacuate the village. 不久命令下来，所有居民都必须撤出村子。(G31)
同位语从句与定语从句的区别
1．意义的不同
同位语从句是用于说明所修饰名词的具体内容的，它与被修饰词语通常可以划等号；而定语从句是限制所修饰名词的，它的作用是将所修饰的名词与其他类似的东西区别开来：
We are glad at the news that he will come. 听到他要来这个消息我们很高兴。(news的内容就是that he will come，故that引导的是同位语从句)
We are glad at the news that he told us. 听到他告诉我们的这个消息我们很高兴。(that从句是限制the news的内容的，即我们高兴只是因为他告诉的这个news而不是其他的news，故that从句为定语从句)
2. 引导词的不同
what, how, if, whatever 等可引导名词性从句，但不引导定语从句。
3. 引导词的功能上的不同
that引导同位语从句时，它不充当句子成分，而引导定语从句时，它作为关系代词，要么充当定语从句的主语，要么充当定语从句的宾语。如上例 that he told us中的that就充当told的宾语。
4. 被修饰词语的区别
同位语从句所修饰的名词比较有限，通常有hope, wish, idea, news, fact, promise, opinion, suggestion, truth等，而定语从句所修饰的名词则非常广泛。 另外，when和where 引导定语从句时，通常只修饰表示时间和地点的名词，而它们引导同位语从句时却不一定；又如why引导定语从句，它通常只修饰名词the reason，而它引导同位语从句时则不一定：
I have no idea when they will come . 我不知道他们什么时候来。(同位语从句)
I’ll never forget the days when I lived there.. 我永远不会忘记我住在那儿的日子。(定语从句)
We don’t understand the problem why this is the best choice. 我们不明白这个问题，为什么这是最好的选择。(同位语从句 )
The reason why he didn’t come to the meeting is that he is ill. 他未能来开会，原因是他生病了。(定语从句)

第五章、定语从句
I feel sorry for famous people who live their lives in the glare of publicity.我真可怜那些要在众目睽睽之下生活的名人。
He's not the kind of man who would go back on his words.他不是那种背信弃义的人。
People who walk on the grass are liable to a fine.在草坪上行走要罚款。
The man who I saw is called Smith.我见到的那个人名叫史密斯。
The man who telephoned was a friend of yours.打电话的人是你的一位朋友。
He who laughs last laughs best.谁笑到最后,谁笑得最好。
There is a lady who wants to see you.有一位女士要见你。c
The girl with whom he had been living for two years suddenly packed her bags and left.这姑娘和他同居了两年,突然收拾起行李走掉了。
The police have pulled in a half dozen people whom they suspect.警方已逮捕6个他们怀疑的人。
That's the girl (whom) I teach. 那就是我教的女孩。
The person (whom) you wish to see has come.你希望见到的人已经来了。c
He is a shallow thinker whose opinions aren't worth much.他看问题很浅薄,他的意见没有多大价值。
The play,whose style is rigidly formal,is typical of the period.这剧本是那个时期的典型作品,风格拘谨刻板。
Nobody is going to buy a house whose front door opens onto a gas works.没有谁会买一栋前门对着煤气厂的房子。
I'd like a room whose window looks out over the sea.我想要一个窗户面临大海的房间。c
This is the room which is kept for the reception of visitors.这是专供接待来访者用的房间。
There is a special parasite which gives rise to the itch.有一种特别的寄生虫会导致皮炎。
Lally was right about the repairs which the cottage needed.拉莉关于农舍需要如何修理的意见是正确的。
Rule out neatly any words which you don't wish Jack to read.把你不想让杰克看的词句整整齐齐地划掉。
The sports day is an occasion which we can all join in.运动日是大家都能参加运动的一个机会。cShe is one of the students that work very hard. 她是特别用功的学生之一。
Is he the man that sells eggs?他是卖鸡蛋的那个人吗?
I like those cookies that are coated with chocolate spread.我喜欢那些裹巧克力酱的甜饼。
The letter that I received from him yesterday is very important.我昨天收到的他那封来信很重要。
Here is the car that I had told you about.这就是我和你谈过的那辆汽车。c
The two brothers were satisfied with this decision,as was agreed beforehand.两兄弟对这个事先已经同意的决定都满意。
I never heard such stories as he tells.我从未听过他讲的这类故事。
I have never seen such a man as you talked about.我从没见过你说到的那种人。
During this terrible year they took only such food as they could find.在这可怕的年头里,他们只能找到什么吃什么。
He is not the same boy as he was.他和从前不一样了。
Her attitude to him was quite the same as it had always been.她对他的态度同她一贯的态度完全一样。c
I gave him old clothes which he made a penny of.我给了他一些旧衣服,让他拿去换钱。
The situation (which) we had got into was very dangerous.我们当时的处境很危险。
The man (whom) we sent the present to is a doctor of laws.我们寄给他礼物的那个人是位法学博士。
He married a wife by whom he had two daughters.他娶了妻并和她生了两个女儿。
Water is the natural medium in which most fish live.水是大多数鱼类生活的自然环境。
There were long periods when we had no news of him.我们曾好长时间没有他的消息。
Jenney dreams of the day when she will be playing the piano for a living.珍妮梦想着有朝一日能以演奏钢琴为生。
This is the hour when the place is full of people.这种时候这地方到处都是人。c
Returning to a city where one used to live can be a saddening experience.重归故地有时会给人带来几许惆怅。
I went off in search of a garage where I could buy some petrol.我跑去寻找加油站买汽油。
The tourists sought out a shady spot where they sat down and rested. 旅游者找到一块阴凉的地方坐下休息。c
The reason why she didn't get the job was that her English was not very good.她没得到这个工作的原因是她的英语不是很好。
The reason why he is late is that his car went wrong.他迟到的原因是他的汽车坏了。
That is the reason why we must go now.这就是我们现在必须走的理由。
This is one of the basic reasons why some of our work can't be done well.这是我们有些工作做不好的一个基本原因。 
This is the way how he always treats me. 他一贯就是这样对待我的。
That's the way how I learn English.那就是我学英语的方法。
We have worked out a scheme which should save the company several thousand pounds a year. 我们设计出一个一年可为公司节省几千英镑的计划。
The custom dates from the times when men wore swords.该习俗始于人类佩带刀剑的时代。c
The patient,who had been asleep for nearly three hours,began to move his limbs.病人睡了将近3小时才开始动一动胳膊和腿。
This could be the winning game for the challenger, who only needs two more points for the championship.这场比赛可能是挑战者获胜,他只要再得两分就得冠军了。
Watch for our new improved product, which will be on the market next week!等着看我们新改进的产品吧,它们将于下星期开始在市场上出售。
The journey,  which I remember well, was very pleasant.我清楚地记得那次旅行很愉快。
She was shown into a small room, where there was a dying man.她被领进了一间小屋,那里有一个垂死的人。
The third tree that I planted was cut down by someone again.我种下的第三棵树又被人砍倒了。
He gives the driest speech that I have ever listened to.他的讲话是我所听过的最枯燥的。
The worst matter that I am afraid of happened in the end.我担心的最糟的事情终于发生了。
The first thing that I want to do now is to have a drink.我现在想做的第一件事就是喝点酒。
It was the largest map that I ever saw.那是我所看见过的最大的地图。c
They pushed open all the windows that remained closed for a whole month.他们把整整关了一个月的窗子都推开了。
All the presents that your friends give you on your birthday should be put away.你生日那天你的朋友送给你的礼物都必须收好。
I have some things that I must do today.我有一些今天必须做的工作。
Would you please correct any wrong spellings that you find?请改正你发现的拼写错误,好吗？
There is every chance that she will succeed.她完全有机会取得成功。
I have no money that I can spare.我没有多余的钱。
He quickly knocked out the few things that had to be looked after before leaving.他迅速办好了几件动身前必须料理的事情。
This is the very book that I have been looking for.这是我一直寻找的那本书。
She is the very person that I wanted to see.她正是我要见的人。
He was the only person that could rule over the tribes.他是唯一能统治那些部族的人。
He is the only one of us that knows Russian.他是我们中间唯一懂俄语的人。
That's the same man that asked for help the day before yesterday.这个人与前天求援的是同一个人。
It is the same song that I heard yesterday afternoon.这就是我昨天下午听的那首歌。
He is the last man that I want.他是我最不想见的人。
She was the last person that came back.她是最后一个回来的人。c
He was watching the children and parcels that filled the car.他望着塞满车的孩子和包裹。
We talked about the persons and things that we remembered in school.我们谈到了我们还记得的学校中的人和事。c
Which of the books that you bought yesterday was written by Bacon?你昨天买的哪本书是培根写的？c
He proudly pointed out the biggest sheep, which already weighed 150 kilograms.他骄傲地把最大的一只羊指给我们看,它已经有150千克重了。
The women never drink in this manner, which is absolutely special to men.妇女从来不用这种方式喝酒,这完完全全是男人喝酒的方式。
Glass, which breaks at a blow, is ,nevertheless, capable of withstanding great pressure.玻璃尽管一击就碎,却能承受很大的压力。c
I dislike the school to which he belongs.我不喜欢他所在的那所学校。
If you run back over the season, you can't pick out a game in which he played badly.如果你回顾一下那个赛季,你找不出他哪一场打得不好。
This is the point,from which all distances are measured.从这一点开始来测量各个方向的距离。c
Painting is something that I really enjoy doing.绘画才是我真正喜欢做的事。
We may eventually become members of the club, but this is not something that should be rushed into.我们最终会成为俱乐部成员的,但不能草率行事。
Freedom is something which is won, not granted.自由是争取来的,不是别人赏赐的。
I've just struck on something which might be of use to us.我刚才想到一个办法可能会对我们有用。

第六章、条件状语从句
1）Let's go out for a walk unless you are too tired.( 除非,若不；相当于if---not) 即：If you are too tired,we’ll not go out for a walk.  
2）You may borrow my book as long as you keep it clean.(只要，表示条件的唯一性)  
3）Take your umbrella in case it rains.（以防---，以免---） 
4）I can tell you the truth on condition that you promise to keep a secret.(条件是---) 
5）Supposing it rains, shall we continue the sports meeting?( 如果,假如)  
6）He won't be against us in the meeting provided/providing that we ask for his advice in advance.( 假如,除非以……为条件)  
7）You will be successful in the interview once you have confidence.(一旦---就--) 

第七章、时间状语从句
1）When she came in, I stopped eating. (当---的时候，表示“瞬时动词”) 
2）While my wife was reading the newspaper, I was watching TV. (当---的时候，was reading是延续性的动词，was reading和was watching同时发生) 
3）I like playing football while you like playing basketball.（然而，表示“对比”）  
4）As we was going out, it began to snow.（as强调句中两个动作紧接着先后发生，而不强调开始下雪的特定时间）  
5）We always sing as we walk.（as表示“一边……一边”）  
6）Einstein almost knocked me down before he saw me.(“在---之前”或“----才”)   
7）My father had left for Canada just before the letter arrived.（“刚好在---之前”或“---就”）  
8）After you think it over, please let me know what you decide. （在---之后） 
9）I didn't go to bed until（till）my father came back.(“直到----才”，主句中的动词为非延续性动词)  
10）I worked until he came back. (“直到----才”，主句中的动词为延续性动词) 
11) Where have you been since I last saw you? (自从---)  
12) I will go there directly I have finished my breakfast. (一----就---，另外有immediately,  instantly) 
13)The moment I heard the news, I hastened to the spot. (一----就---，另外有the instant, the minute，ect.)  
14)As soon as I reach Canada, I will ring you up. (一----就---)  
15) He had no sooner arrived home than he was asked to start on another journey. (一----就---,另外有hardly/scarcely----when---)  
16) By the time you came back, I had finished this book.(“到---时为止”，从句是一般过去时，主句是过去完成时。)  
17)By the time you come here tomorrow, I will have finished this work. (“到---时为止”，从句是一般现在时，主句是将来完成时。) 
18) Each time he came to Harbin, he would call on me.( “每当---的时候”或“每次”，复习each time, every time和whenever)
有关时间状语从句的重点句型  
1）It will be four days before they come back. (It will be--- before---过很久才----)  
2）It won’t be four days before they come back.( It won’t be---before---不久就---)  
2）It was not until the meeting was over that he began to teach me English.(“ It was not until---that----” not until的强调句型)  
3）Not until the meeting was over did he begin to teach me English.( not until的倒装句型。)  
4) It is/has been five months since our boss was in Beijing.我们老板离开北京有五个月了。(“It is/has been---since” 自从---以来多长时间)  
5) Hardly had I sat down when he stepped in.我刚坐下，他就进来了。（“hardly/scarcely----when---”/同“no sooner ---than” 注意时态的应用。） 
  
第八章、原因状语从句  
1)The sweater shrank because it was washed badly. (强调“直接原因”) 
2)Since [As] we’ve no money, we can’t buy it. （由于）  
3) Since you are free today, you had better help me with my mathematics. （“既然”强调双方共知的原因,复习 “now (that),seeing (that)， considering (that)， in that”）  
4）He could not have seen me, for I was not there.( for引导的原因状语从句并不说明主句行为发生的直接原因， 只提供一些辅助性的补充说明， for引导的原因状语从句只能放于主句之后并且必须用逗号将其与主句隔开。)  
5）The country is not strong because it is large. 国强不在大。(“not ... because”结构中的not否定的是because引导的整个从句)  

第九章、结果状语从句,目的状语从句
1) There is so rapid an increase in population that a food shortage is caused.(太 ---以至于) 
2) They are such fine teachers that we all hold them in great respect. (太---以致于) 
3) It was very cold, so that the river froze.（以致于）  
4) 注意状语从句与too….to..enough to…, so… as to结构的不同。

第十章、目的状语从句 
1）You must speak louder so that /in order that you can be heard by all.( 为了；以便)  
2）He wrote the name down for fear that(lest) (生怕；以免)he should forget it.  
3）Better take more clothes in case (以免)the weather is cold. 
4) Say it louder(so)that everyone can hear you.( 以便)  

第十一章、让步状语从句  
1）Although/Though he was worn out, (still) he kept on working.( 虽然，纵然,尽管) 
2) Object as you may, I’ll go.( 虽然，纵然，尽管) 
3)Hard as/ though he works, he makes little progress. ( 虽然，纵然，尽管) 
4)Child as/though he was, he knew what was the right thing to do. ( 虽然，纵然，尽管)  
5) We’ll make a trip even if/though the weather is bad. (“即使……”)  
6) You'll have to attend the ceremony whether you're free or busy. (“不论是否……”，“不管是……还是……”) 
7) No matter who you are, you must keep the law.(=Whoever you are, you must keep the law.（无论谁，复习no matter +疑问词引导的状语从句。） 
8）While I like the colour, I don't like the shape.（尽管）  

第十二章、方式状语从句  
1）Just as we sweep our rooms, so we should sweep backward ideas from our minds.  
2）They completely ignore these facts as if (as though) they never existed. 
3）说明：as if / as though也可以引导一个分词短语、不定式短语或无动词短语，例如：He stared at me as if seeing me for the first time.（他目不转睛地看着我，就像第一次看见我似的。）  He cleared his throat as if to say something.（他清了清嗓子，像要说什么似的。）  The waves dashed on the rocks as if in anger.（波涛冲击着岩石，好像很愤怒。） 
4）Please pronounce the word the way I do.(用---方式) 
5）Leave the things as they are.(按照---) 

第十三章、比较状语从句  
1）You seem to know music as well as you know astronomy.(as---as 结构) 
2）There was no garden so lovely as his in this city. (no so---as 结构) 
3）There were not so many tickets available as were asked for. (not so---as 结构)  
4）Finally he has made as much money as he wanted. (as +adj +n.+as 结构) 
5）Your watch is not the same as his.(the same as结构)  
6）I never met such a man as your younger brother.(such---as 结构) 
7）She studies more diligently than her classmates.(more than结构) 
8）No other book has had a greater influence on my life.(否定词和比较级连用表示最高级含义。)  
9）This teacher explained the problem more clearly than any other teacher. (比较级与 “any other one”连用表示最高级含义。)  
10）The more you read, the better will you write.(the more----the more 结构)11) He earned no more than 800 dollars a month. 他一个月只挣800美元。（no +比较级+than结构）. 

第十四章、地点状语从句  
1) Where there is a will, there is a way.  
2) You should have put the book where you found it. 
3) Wherever there is smoke , there is fire.  
4) When you read the book, you’d better make a mark where you have any questions. 
5) You should make it a rule to leave things where you can find them again  

第十五章、状语从句的省略：  
状语从句的省略原则主要是：如果从句中的主语和主句中的主语一致，就可以经过一定的变动把状语从句中的主语和谓语的一部分或全部省略，或从句中是it is ,可以把it is省略，从而使语言更加简洁、明了。
现就把各种状语从句的省略现象列举如下：  
1.While(I was) at college, I began to know him, a strange but able student. 
2．Don’t come in until (you are) asked to.  
3．Whenever (it is )possible, you should come and help.  
4．Put in articles wherever(it is) necessary in the following passages. 
5. He will come if (he is) asked. 
6. Even if (I am ) invited to, I won’t go to such a bad lecture. 
7. She has finished the work earlier than (it has been ) expected. 
8. She talked to the stranger as if (she were) absent-minded. 