雅思口语最常用小词

stuff
The stuff in that store is very expensive.

pretty = fun
My new iPhone is pretty fun.

fun = interesting
There're lot's of fun things to do in the park.

adore
I adore that singer.

shortly = soon
I'll get these things done shortly.

decent
This job offers a decent salary and some impressive benefits.

hang out
I often hang out in bars at weekends.

kindof = sort of = somewhat
My boss is kind of hard to get along with.

like...
I bought lots of stuff, like carrots, beef and salmon.
That programme is like, ...boring.

int a row = one after another
Andy passed four exams in a row.

entire = whole = complete
Daniel ate the entire cake and made no apology for that.

entirely
Our situation is entirely different from theirs.
Jessica is not entirely sure if she can get a nice job after graduation.

...as well = ...too
Beijing has exciting nightlife. And it has many historical attractions as well.

...is a piece of cake = ...is a snap = ...is a breeze
The IELTS speaking test is just a breeze if you know all the tricks.

know...inside out
He knows computers inside out.

I'm all for...
I've got nothing against change - I'm all for it.

...is no picnic = is a pain in the neck
Getting the homework done everyday is no picnic.

...really bothers me.
The noise really bothers me.

kick back and relax
At parties, we just kick back and relax.

a couple of
I stayed in France for a couple of weeks.

a bunch of = some
I went there with a bunch of friends.

loads of = tons of = lots of
I've got loads of work to do this week.

make sense = be reasonable
The plot of that movie didn't make sense.

..., you name it. = and the list goes on and on
Beijing has traditions, modern lifestyles, top universities,... you name it.

I kill two birds with one stone.
When I travel around, I take photos and then sell them online. So you can see, I just kill two birds with one stone.

...is the best+名词, hands down.
The new iPad is the best tablet I've ever seen, hands down.

...would be the last thing I want to do.
Doing the dishes would be the last thing I want to do.

mess up
There are always people who come to a party and try to mess things up.
Julia messed up her chances of becoming a great singer.

get the hang of...
I've never used a word processor before. Don't worry, you'll get the hang of it shortly.

It's a shame
It's a shame that you have to leave so soon.

...is non-existent.
Some scientists believe global warming is non-existent.

end up doing
There were no tickets left for that movie, so we ended up watching a different movie.

suit my needs
The flat looks nice and is pretty close to my university, so it really suits my needs.

从非常喜欢到极度讨厌的地道英文表达
最喜欢
...is my biggest passion.
Swimming is my biggest passion.

I'm fascinated by...
I'm fascinated by her smile.

I'm crazy about...
I'm crazy about swimming.

I adore...
I adores bananas and eat two a day.

I love...
I love it.

I'm a ... buf
I'm a movie buf.

I'm really into...
I'm really into baseball! 

I'm very fond of...
I'm very fond of music.

I like...
I like music.

I'm not keen on...
I'm not very keen on Rap. 

I'm not very fond of...
I'm not very fond of music.

It's a drag.
Well, I think it's a drag.

I totally dislike...
I totally dislike swimming.

I hate...
I hate to admit it.
I hate doing the dishes.


I can't stand...
I can't stand any more. I'm going to run away

I loathe...
I loathe people who try to lose weight!

最不喜欢

从最频繁到最偶然的地道英文表达(回答how often)
I...all the time.
I like books. I read all the time.

I constantly...
I constantly think I'm not good enough.

I...daily.
I love reading and I read daily.

I...almost every day.
I read almost every day.

I...every other day.
Old man: Good morning. I exercise every other day.

I...on a weekly basis.
I play football on a weekly basis.

I often...
I often have the most terrible nightmares

I...regularly.
I regularly go on a trip.

I...on a regular basis.
I know that I feel a lot better when I work out on a regular basis.

I...every now and then.
I like to travel every now and then.

Sometimes I...
Sometimes I feel like I'm living with a stranger. 

I...once in a while...
Father and I go fishing once in a while.

I don't ... very often
I don't read very often

I rarely...
I rarely see you lately.

I hardly ever...
I hardly ever go out.

I never...
I never go out.

English phrases
--------------------
动词部

feel
feel calm and relaxed
feel happy and energetic
feel fresh and energetic
feel motivated
feel stressed
feel stressed out

makes me feel
Jogging makes me feel happy and energetic



have
have more choices
have more freedom
have more job opportunities

do
do housework
do outdoor activities
do voluntary work
do volunteer work

help
help me relax
help me concentrate
help us better understand
help us keep fit

enjoy
enjoy the fresh air
enjoy the natural beauty
enjoy the natural scenery

go
go camping
go jogging
go sightseeing

make
make new friends
make contributions to society
make life more convenient
make children more intelligent
make children more independent

take
take their advice
take public transport

Walking to school takes more time but is more eco-friendly.
Organic food takes more time to produce.
Many teenagers these days spend too much time on mobile games.

give
give me the opportunity to
give them a nice surprise
give them a sense of achievement
give money to charities

work
work full-time
work part-time
work overtime
work closely together
work out regularly (in gym)
exercise regularly (any sport)

keep
keep a balance between work and life
keep a balance between work and family
keep children away from unhealthy food
keep children away from violent images
keep in touch with family and friends

share
share ideas
share photos and videos online
share interests and hobbies online
share the joy

communicate
communicate with friends
communicate with family members
communicate freely

search
search for information
search online

不可加s的常考名词
information
knowledge
advice
behaviour
furniture
equipment
scenery
heritage

browse
browse through websites
browse through newspapers
browse through magazines
browse through shops

copy
copy what they see on TV
copy what they see in video games

play
play online games
play sports
play a key role in

hang out
hang out with friends
hang out together

look
look the same
look very similar
look unique
look attractive
look unattractive

look after
look after their children
look after their elderly parents
look after their grandchildren

know
know someone very well
know a place very well

reduce
reduce stress
reduce funding for...
reduce poverty
reduce the risk of heart disease and high blood pressure

gain
gain confidence
gain new knowledge

lose
lose their jobs
lose their privacy
lose their traditions
lose weight
lose a few pounds

get away from
get away from busy city life
get away from it all

get closer to
get closer to nature
get closer to my goal

save
save time and money
save water
save energy
solar power
wind power

manage
manage their time well
manage their money well

guide
guide their children
guide their students

contribute to
contribute to society
contribute to economy
contribute to charities
contribute a lot to
contribute greatly to
contribute significantly to

concentrate on
concentrate on their studies
concentrate on their tasks

contain
contain a lot of vitamin C andn fiber
contain too much fat
contain too much suger

celebrate
celebrate a festival
celebrate a birthday

receive
receive a thoughtful gift
receive good reviews

develop
develop their ... skills
develop into useful members of society

最长聊到的7种技能
life skills
reading and writing skills
computer skills
communication skills
teamwork skills
time-management skills
cooking skills

form
form good learning habits
form good eating habits
form good spending habits

improve
improve my mood
improve my memory
improve our health

experience
experience a different culture
experience a different lifestyle
have more experience
an enjoyable experience

attract
attract many tourists
attract many viewers
attract many listeners
attract many readers

prepare
prepare for employment
prepare for future success

provide
provide a variety of information
provide the oppotunity to
provide a relaxing atmosphere
provide a lively atmosphere
provide a friendly atmosphere

The equipment can be used for a variety of purposes
The event provides a variety of outdoor activities.

control
control pollution
control the number of cars

damage
damage our health
damage the environment
damage their self-confidence
damage their self-esteem

face
face fierce competition
face extinction

suffer from
suffer from pollution
suffer from noise
suffer from stress and anxiety

lack
lack...skills
lack funding
lack depth

cause
cause health problems
cause traffic accidents
cause misunderstandings

break
break the law
break traffic rules

punish
punish criminals
punish dangerous drivers

obey
obey the law
obey school rules

need
need repairs
need help and support

support
support their children
support their teammates

rely too much on
rely too much on mobile phones
rely too much on the Internet
rely too much on technology

focus too much on
focus too much on money
focus too much on fashion
focus too much on appearance

meet
meet our needs
meet their online friends in real life

raise
raise people's standard of living
raise public health awareness
raise public environmental awareness
raise children

respect
respect their peers
respect their privacy

treat
treat...well
treat...fairly

bother
really bothers me
bother their classmates

expand
expand my mind
expand my vocabulary
expand my horizons

express
express their feelings
express their ideas and opinions

take part in
take part in group activities
take part in sports
participate in

exchange
exchange ideas
exchange gifts

achieve
achieve success
achieve their goal
achieve sustainable development

overcome
overcome the language barrier
overcome the generation gap

build
build self-confidence
build a successful career
build strong family ties

boost
boost my mood
boost my efficiency
boost my concentration
boost our immune system

create
create jobs
create opportunities for
create more nature reserves

promote
promote tourism
promote economic growth
promote world peace

hold back the economy
hold back their careers

realise
realise my dream
realise their ambitions

recycle
recycle waste
recycle used materials

walk or cycle 
walk or cycle to work
walk or cycle to school

value
value their advice
value our traditions
value our cultural heritage

bring back
bring back good memories
bring back fond memories

avoid
avoid mistakes
avoid unhealthy food

prevent
prevent crime
prevent heart disease and high blood pressure

spoil
spoil their children
spoil the fun

satisfy
satisfy tourists' needs
satisfy our curiosity

distract
distract others
distract drivers

strengthen
strengthen family ties
strengthen friendships

enrich
enrich our lives
enrich our experience

preserve
preserve natural resources
preserve historic buildings
preserve our traditions

explore
explore the local culture
explore space

pose
pose a threat to our health
pose a threat to the environment
pose a threat to the local wildlife

address
address the problem
address the difficulties

tighten
tighten the law against air pollution
tighten the law against dangerous driving

deter
deter crime
deter dangerous driving

capture
capture precious moments in life
capture people's attention

stimulate
stimulate people's imagination
stimulate children's creativity

adopt
adopt new technology
adopt a healthy lifestyle

形容词部

entertaining

inspiring

relaxed

dedicated

helpful

useful

informative

attractive

energetic

athletic

cultural

global

reliable

portable

nutritious

precious

user-friendly

eco-friendly

well-located

well-educated

形容人的

friendly and helpful

polite and respectful

rude and annoying

confident and independent

understanding and patient

open-minded and creative

hardworking and dedicated

too materialistic

lonely and unhappy

addicted to

形容事物或活动

fun and enjoyable

funny 搞笑的

fun and rewarding

interesting and informative

dull and boring

useful and reliable

false and misleading

moving and unforgettable

disappointing and annoying (形容人用 feel disappointed and annoyed, feel frustrated)

nice and comfortable

neat and tidy

spacious and bright

quiet and peaceful

noisy and overcrowded

fresh and nutritious

high-fat and high-calorie

好方法，好来源
a good way to...
Listen to music is a good way to relax.
Playing a musical instrument is a good way to reduce stress.
Swimming is a good way to keep fit.
Visiting museums is a good way to gain new knowledge.
Travelling is a good way to make new friends.

a good source of...
The Internet is a good source of information.
Television is a good source of fun.
Apples are a good source of vitamin C.

名词部

the pace of life

the cost of living

a waste of

standard of living

economic growth

consumer culture

designer clothes

a tight budget

bad spending habits

good spending habits

a wide variety of courses

life skills

behaviour problems

bad behavior

useful members of society

a successful career

family members

community members

team members

society members 协会成员

members of society
It is very rewarding for teachers to see their students develop into useful members of society.

common goal

common interests

family ties

family bonds

nuclear family

extended family

generation gap

elderly people

population aging

equal opportunities

the gap between the rich and the poor

low-income families

people in need (穷人)

fierce competition

social networking website/site

online forum

Internet forum

a useful tool
Email is a useful tool for exchanging ideas and information.

online community

the virtual world

the real world

special effects

sound advice

a thoughtful gift

a friendly and relaxing atmosphere

natural beauty

outdoor activities

community activities

group activities

leisure activities

a healthy lifestyle

an active lifestyle

a good form of exercise

sports facilities (stadium, basketball court, tennis court, swimming pool)

sports equipment

fond memories

casual clothes

a sense of achievement

a sense of belonging

a sense of responsibility

a sense of humor

the greenhouse effect

global warming

extreme weather

electric cars

clean energy

an eco-friendly lifestyle

a long-term solution

It's short-sighted to...

sustainable development

under threat

endangered animals

nature reserves

animal rights

work of art/works of art

art gallery

hand-made products

mass-produced products

live performance

cultural heritage

cultural diversity

bio-diversity

a symbol of...象征

最常涉及的7类象征意义

wealth

good health

long life

romantic love

happiness

good fortune

peace


tourist attractions

cultural attractions

historical attractions

natural attractions
London has many cultural attractions, such as the British Museum and the National Gallery.

rush hour
the morning rush hour
the evening rush hour

traffic volume

car fumes/exhaust fumes

public transport

transport facilities

the hustle and bustle
This place is very quiet, quite different from the hustle and bustle of the cities.

high-rise building

an eight-storey office building

fresh air

air pollution

thick smog

health problems

health care

a healthy diet

vitamin C and fiber

organic food

genetically-modified food/GM food

an indispensable part of

current events

the latest news

in-depth reports

a flexible schedule

自然美景&城市风光 形容词
spectacular
a specutacular view
a specutacular building

sparkling
sparkling stars
sparkling water

crystal-clear
crystal-clear water
crystal-clear air

rolling
rolling hills
rolling waves

right beside
Our school is right beside a busy street, which makes it very noisy when window are open.

is just a 5-minute walk from...
The hotel was just a 5-minute walk from the beach.

is a 20-minute drive from
My office is a 20-minute drive from the airport.

regularly/on a regular basis
They have a healthy diet and exercise regularly.

from time to time
We go to the beach from time to time.

all year round
Cambridge is not just a university town. It's also a tourist destination all year round.

gorgeous

amazing

is dotted with

描述人的phrases

kind and patient

friendly and sociable

outgoing

responsible and reliable

open-minded and creative

young and talented

hale and hearty

humble and modest

is a team player

always has a smile on his face

has a good sense of humour

is of average build

is of athletic build

描述物的phrases

is easy to carry = is portable

is easy to use = is user-friendly

is thin and light

is simple and practical

It's good value for money.

It offers good value for money.

is well laid-out

is well-designed

is well-managed

is always packed

provides a wide variety of

is good for all ages

an economic powerhouse

a cultural hub

four distinct seasons

an oasis in the city

描述人或物都可

lively and energetic

is well-organised

elegant and classy

has a good reputation

描述经历的

a memorable experience

an enjoyable experience

a rewarding experience

a disappointing experience


连词

因果

...because

...so...

therefore

As a result

让步

Although...,...
Although I only spent one night at this hotel, I was really impressed by the room and the service.

...as long as...
I don't care who you are, where you're from or what you did, as long as you love me.
My parents don't care what job I do, as long as I'm happy.

转折

But...
However,...

补充

Besides,...
I don't really want to go. Besides, it's too late now.

...also...
Olivia is very fluent in Chinese and English. She also speaks a litte French.

...too.
The new system is efficient, and it's cheaper too.

...as well.
I need a ticket for Star Wars, and one for x-man as well.

对比

On the other hand,...
My job is boring. On the other hand, it pays well.

...while
I do most of the housework while Amanda only does the dishes.

...By contrast...
Man think of shopping as a task. By contrast, women think of shopping as a hobby.

举例

like...
I'm into fantasy novels like/such as Harry Potter and The Hunger Games.

such as...

For example,...
There can be a wide variety of ways to help others. For example,....

...and stuff like that.

...and things like that.

替代

rather than
These days, most people drive to work other than taking public transport.

instead of
Developed countries should help developing country improve their education system instead of just giving them money.

攒人品

tend to be...
Children tend to be more active than adults.
Young people tend to be more open-minded than their parents.
The winter in Beijing tend to be cold and snowy.

People who lead a healthy lifestyle tend to live longer.
People who have good communication skills tend to have more job opportunities.

think of...as...
I think of photography as a good way to express my feelings.
Some people think of collecting stamps as a good investment.

is/are supposed to...
Students are supposed to follow school rules and be polite and respectful to their teachers.
I was suppose to be there by 9:30, but I got stuck in the traffic.

used to...
My hometown used to be a nice place for young people. But these days, It's not ...

find it hard to...
I find it hard to improve my IELTS speaking score.

find it helpful

find it interesting

find it attractive

定语从句 that who which

Describe a house that someone you know lives in.

There are two large rooms that will be decorated next month.

The website provides live chat, which is very helpful.

虚拟语气

If you could change your name, would you?

They might try to find people who all use a particular product.

Maybe you could give each of them a scarf, as well.


说出长段落

part 1 (答案2~3句就很好) and part3
顺承与对比
结构1 起-承-(合)
起-1.先直接回答考官的问题
承-2.展开自己的回答 because, so, for example, such as, like, if, and, also, even, they, I, we, it, that
合-3.结尾总结一句，不是必需的

问Do you enjoy travelling?
起Yes, I do. 
承Travelling is fun. It helps me relax and I can make new friends during my trips. 
Travelling can also expand my mind. It helps me learn about other places and cultures.
合I guess that's exactly why I enjoy travelling.

结构2 起-承-转-(合)
part3 常考问题：
How do large shopping malls affect small local business?

They can have both positive and negative effects.
The competition between shopping malls and local businesses can make local businesses improve their service.
On the other hand, large shopping malls can usually provide consumers with lower prices, so they can take customers away from local businesses.

part2结构的顺序

(1)
...里填入要描述的话题，比如my favourite sport, a film I like...
I'm going to talk about...
I'd like to talk about...
Let me talk about...
I'd like to describe...

(2)
...里填入卡片上面第一个提示的问题
I'll start off by talking about...
To begin with, I'll talk about...

(3)
...里填入卡片上面第二个提示的问题
Moving on to...
As for...,...

(4)
...里填入卡片上面第三个提示的问题
Now let's look at...

(5)
...里填入卡片上Explain...后面的第四个提示的问题
Now I'm going to explain to you...


下面词组适合所有考生
in terms of... = regarding = concerning = when it comes to
In terms of price, this car would be a great choice.

What I need to emphasise here is that... = What I need to stress here is that...
What I need to emphasise here is that he did it all by himself.

By the way, ...
By the way, some parrots can be used as alarm clocks.

In other words,... = I mean...
It's an office building. In other words, people go there not for pleasure, but for business.


PART 1

Topics

Studies/Work/Hometown/Films&TV/Advertising/Reading/Computers&The Internet/Mobile Phone/Clothing&Shopping/Weather&Seasons/
The Arts/People/Collection/Buildings/Sports&Outdoor Activities/Travel/Food&Cooking/Colours&Numbers/Parks, Plants, Animals&Birds/Celebration&Rest

Topic 1 Studies
----------------

学校 校园 老师 理念 课程 环境 图书馆 食堂 毕业
* I'm sure all my hard work will pay off.
My university has a good reputation.
    It's not a well-known university.
It has an attractive campus.
    The campus is too small and crowded.
Most of my professors are friendly and helpful.
    Many students are not motivated to learn.
They encourge us to think independently.
    We're not encouraged to share ideas.
We can choose from a wide variety of courses.
    Some of the courses are too hard for me.
The university provides a friendly learning environment.
    There are too many classroom rules.
There are a variety of extracurricular activities we can enjoy, like the debate club, the university newspaper, the choir and even a rock band.
    But extracurricular activities can be time-consuming.
    efficient / rewarding
    It's just a waste of time.
I do voluntary work at the university library.
    I have a heavy class load this term.
The canteen serves good food at reasonable prices.
    The canteen food is gross.
We're well prepared for employment.
    We're not well prepared for the job market.

*It's important to be bilingual today.
Understanding English helps me better understand English-speaking cultures.
    You are considered "left behind" if you can't speak English.
Learning a foreign language helps us become more open-minded.
    Learning a foreigh language takes time and energy.
People who are blingual tend to have more job opportunities.
    Learning a foreign language can be very challenging.
Sing along to English songs is a good way to improve my English pronunciation.
    There're plenty of test-taking techniques. But as a matter of fact, there're no shortcuts to learning a foreign language.
Reading English novels and magazines is a good way to expand my vocabulary.
    English grammer is very different from Chinese grammer.
I can understand English movies without reading the Chinese subtitles.
    films dubbed in Chinese

Good English skills can give us a good competitive advantage/edge in the job market.

Topic 2 Work
-------------

I have a fun and rewarding work.
    My job is dull and boring.
The salary is good./The pay is good.
    I'm really tired of working for peanuts.
My job provides me with a variety of benefits, like health insurance, paid holidays and a pension plan.
    We don't have equal opportunities for promotion.
My boss treats everyone fairly.
    My boss is a slave driver.
My colleagues are friendly and helpful.
    Some of my co-workers are rude and selfish.
I have a nine-to-five job.
    I often have to work overtime.
My job provides the opportunity to develop new skills.
    It's a dead-end job.
Employees are paid time-and-a-half if they work at weekends.
    I've never been paid for the extra work.

My job gives me a sense of satisfaction.

I don't feel motivated at work.

Topic 3 Hometown (Including Traffic & Pollution)
-------------------------------------------------
It's a city in the northeast of China. northwest/southwest/southeast/central China
    The cost of living there is very high.
It's a coastal city and has gorgeous beaches.
    It has long and windy winters.
It's an inland city and is surrounded by beautiful rolling hills. / high mountains
    It's hot and dry in summer.
The city is well-known for its cultural attractions.
    Many historical buildings have been replaced by modern high-rise buildings.
The city attracts many tourists each year.
    The local have become too materialistic.
It has a long and rich history.
    Many traditions have been lost.
Most people there lead a simple and laid-back lifestyle.
    The pace of life is fast and stressful.
Most people are friendly and helpful.
    I don't even know my neighbours.
It has lots of things for young people, such as cinemas, karaoke bars and sports centers.
    It's not a good place for young people because there aren't many leisure facilities there, and the nightlife is dull and boring.

常见leisure facilities
cinemas, concert halls, museums, art galleries, parks, restaurants, coffee shops, shopping centers, sports centers

More and more people can afford a car.
    There are toooooo many cars on the road.
Driving is an important life skill.
    I often get stuck in heavy traffic.
It's important to learn how to drive safety and be a polite driver.
    There're lots of dangerous drivers out there. They just don't follow traffic rules.
We should use public transport more often. Public transport is eco-friendly than driving a car.
    Public transport in my town is not reliable.
    The buses never arrive on time.
Many people walk or cycle to work.
    The buses are overcrowded.
The city is very walkable. It's easy to get around on foot.
    The traffic is always bumper-to-bumper during the evening rush hour.
It's quiet and peaceful.
    The traffic noise really bothers me.

When I'm in a hurry, I take the subway/underground.

minibus, shuttle bus, ferry, light rail, motorcycle taxi

thick smog / very smoggy

Car fumes pollute the air and damage our health.

exhaust fumes / factory fumes

Topic 4 Films & TV
-------------------

I'm really into animated films.
    Going to the cinema is a waste of time and money.
I prefer films with good acting.
    The special effects in this film are amazing.
He's well-known for his acting skills.
    He relies too much on his looks.
I like films with a happy ending.
    The soundtrack of this film is just okey - nothing special.
The film is based on a true story.
    The storyline/plot of this film is too far-fetched.
Some films are fun and entertaining.
    I don't like films that are too predictable.
Some films are thought-provoking.
    The film is too serious.
Sci-fi films stimulate our imagination.
Some films can bring back good memories.
    Some action films are too violent. heroes/villains
This film is moving and unforgettable.
    It's dull and boring.
This film has a strong cast.
    My favourite star had a bit part in it.
Leo played the lead in this film.
    Andy played opposite him.

big-budget film / small-budget film

Cinemas can provide a more fun and enjoyable viewing experience.
    It's more convenient to watch film at home.
A cinema screen is much larger than a TV screen.
    I have a large collection of DVDs.
The colours also look more vivid.
    Watching a film at home helps me save time and money.
The sound quality in the cinema is better than at home.
    I have a home cinema system at home.

Cinemas offer a wide variety of snacks.

Watching a 3-D film in the cinema can be really exciting.

Watching TV is fun.
    Watching TV is a waste of time.
This show is informative. It provides a lot of useful information.
This TV show is entertaining. It helps me relax.
It's a very creative TV show.
    The storyline is too predictable.
Travel shows can expand our horizons. They help us learn about other places and other cultures.
    On the other hand, the information they provide is not always reliable.
Sometimes I just surf through the channels.
    People who watch too much TV tend to lead an unhealthy lifestyle.
People enjoy conversations about the TV shows that they like.
    Watching too much TV gives you square eyes.
Watching TV together helps us build strong family ties. / strengthen family ties
    Watching too much TV increases the risk of heart disease and high blood pressure.
Watching TV can help children expand their vocabulary.
    Young viewers tend to copy the violence they see on TV.
Some TV commercials are a good source of fun.
    There're too many commercials during prime-time hours, which really bothers me.

TV series 系列剧
sitcoms 情景喜剧
reality show 真人秀
quiz show 问答节目
variety show 综艺节目
news show 新闻节目
game show 有奖竞赛节目
travel show 旅游节目
documentaries 纪录片
talk show 脱口秀

an episode / a season

Topic 5 Advertising
-------------------

Some TV commercials are very entertaining.
    They interrupt TV programmes. They really bothers me.

Some advertisements are fun and creative, while others are dull and boring.
    a memorable slogan

They help me better understand products.
    Advertising encourages us to buy things we don't really need.

Good advertisments are informative.
    Many advertisements are aimed at children and teenagers.

They really attract our attention.
    Some advertisements provide false and misleading information.

Advertising makes products more attractive to consumers.
    Children often put pressure on their parents to buy the toys advertised on TV.

The advertising industry creates many jobs and contributes to the economy.
    Advertising is just marketing tool for companies.

Public service advertisements educate people about health, safety or environment.

Topic 6 Reading
---------------

I'm an avid reader.

Reading expands our horizons.
    Watching TV and playing video games can be more entertaining.

This book is fun and enjoyable.
    This book is dull and boring.

I liked the book so much that I couldn't put it down.
    read a book from cover to cover.

Reading English books is a good way to expand my vocabulary.
    Our university library doesn't provide many English books.

Electronic books take up less space and are easier to carry.
    I find it harder to concentrate when I read on a screen.

E-books are more eco-friendly. They help to save trees.
    Reading e-books for too long really hurts my eyes.

It's a good read.

literary classics / suspense novels / cookery books / travel guides

Newspapers are a good source of information.
    不能加复数 information, knowledge, advice, behaviour, equipment and scenery

Local newpapers tend to focus on things that affect local area.
    Some local newspapers are full of ads.

International newspapers cover a wide variety of topics.
    current events

The articles are well-writen.
    The pages are well laid-out

Browsing through fasion magazines is a good way to relax.
    This magazine is not very informative.

This magazine is amid at young people.

报纸板块 business section / financial section / entertainment section / sports section / classified ads

This newspaper has a good reputation and a large circulation.

Topic 7 Computers & The Internet
---------------------------------

Computers make our lives more convenient.
    It's important not to relay too much on computers.

There are many educational games on the Internet, such as maths games and language game.
    Looking at a computer screen for too long hurts my eyes.

The Internet has become an indispensable part of our lives.
    Many children are addicted to computer games.

People who have good computer skills tend to have more job opportunities.
    People who spend too much time on the Internet tend to lead a unhealthy lifestyle.

The internet is a good source of information. search engine / find information easily
    Some websites contain violent images.

Online shopping helps us save time and money.
    Online crime is increasing. online security / computer virus / malware

Emails are free, easy to send and can be delivered very quickly.

Letters can better express our feelings.

Business letters are more formal than business emails.

Good handwriting is easy to read.
    Messy handwriting can be confusing and annoying.

Handwriting needs to be practised regularly.
    Children shouldn't rely too much on typing.

Topic 8 Mobile Phones
----------------------

Mobile phones help us keep in touch with family and friends. stay connected with
    These days, people have fewer face-to-face conversations.

We can also surf the Internet, listen to music and take photos with our mobile phones. browse the Web.
    Many people rely too much on mobile phones.

Smartphones are fun and entertaining.
    Playing mobile games can be an expensive hobby.

Text messages are less expensive than phone calls.
    I call my friends when I need to have real conversations with them.

Text messages work better in public place.
    Making phone calls is more likely to distract other people around me.

We have more time to think before responding to a text message.
    Using emoticons/emojis in text messages is fun, but they may cost extra money.

Android phones are very user-friendly.
    It seems iPhones are more reliable.

They are less expensive.
    My iPhone is very thin and light.

There are more free apps available for Android phones.
    The screen is gorgeous.

Topic 9 Clothing & Shopping
---------------------------

I like casual clothes, such as T-shirts and jeans.
    People are supposed to wear formal clothes, like white shirts and trousers in the office.

Casual clothes make us feel more comfortable and relaxed.
    Formal clothes make us look serious and professional.

Clothing is a good way to express ourselves.
    Many people are fashion victims. They choose fashion over comfort.

These days, fashion is very diverse.
    Some people have bad spending habits. buy things on an impulse

Designer clothes are often considered status symbols.
    These days, people have become too materialistic.

I shop till I drop. / I'm a real shopaholic.
    Consumer culture encourages people to buy more than they need. consumer society

Many people follow the latest trends because they want to look "cool" or popular.
    I just stick to my own style.

Online shopping helps us save time and money. It's also more eco-friendly.
    I can't try on clothes online.

Topic 10 Weather & Seasons
--------------------------

I like sunny and bright weather.
    Overcast weather affects my mood.

Sunny and warm weather is perfect for outdoor activities, such as jogging, camping and hiking.
    sunny and breezy weather

I feel comfortable when it drizzles. The sound of raindrops falling on the ground is very relaxing. drizzle/pour
    But I feel upset when it pours.

I like walking in light rain. It makes me feel fresh and energetic.
    Heavy rain can make the road muddy and slippery and cause traffic jam. It may even cause flooding.

This city has four distinct seasons.
    thunderstorm / snowstorm / thick fog

The spring is warm and pleasant. Everything feels so fresh and most plants bloom in the spring.
    The spring is very short.

The summer is mild and enjoyable.
    The summer is hot and humid.

The city looks so beautiful with the autumn foliage.
    It gets chilly in the autumn. cold / freezing

It's a perfect place for winter sports. skating / skiing
    The winter is cold, windy and snowy.
    snowflakes / build a snowman
    My birthday is in the spring/summer/autumn/winter.

Topic 11 The Arts
-----------------

Listening to music is a good way to relax.
    I've never been to a live concert.

This song makes me feel happy and energetic.
    Loud music can distract drivers.

Classical music make me feel calm and relaxed.
    Some people think classical music is dull and boring.

This is a memorable song.
    Some country songs sound similar to others.
    folk music 民乐

Playing musical instruments can make children more intelligent.
    Learning to play a musical instrument takes time and energy.

Playing musical instruments can boost children's concentration.
    Learning to play an instrument takes a lot of patience and practice.

Playing musical instruments is a good way to express ourselves.
    These day, learning to play an instrument can be very expensive.

This song is moving and unforgettable.
    This song lacks depth.

Many people go to live concerts to see their favourite musicians in person.
    Concert tickets can be pricey/expensive.

We can make new friends at rock concerts.
    Too many people scream at rock concerts.

Painting is a good way to reduce stress.
    I can't paint well. I just paint for fun.

Drawing and painting can help us better appreciate works of art.
    It takes time and energy to learn to paint well.

Drawing and painting can make children more creative.
    Children should spend more time on core subjects, such as language, maths and science.

Some paintings are thought-provoking.
    I can't understand abstract paintings. / realistic paintings

Taking photos is a good way to express ourselves.
    We need to make sure we don't invade other people's privacy when we take photos.
    bother others

Photos can bring back fond memories.
    Photos and videos take up a lot of space on my mobile phone.

My mobile phone has a build-in camera.
    I can easily slip it into my pocket.

Taking selfies is fun.
    Many people are addicted to taking selfies.

Good photos capture precious moments in life.
    Lighting is important to taking good pictures.

Many people share photos online. photo-sharing website
    Some people use Photoshop to make their photos look better. profile photo 头像

portrait / landscape photo

snap some shots

Topic 12 People
---------------

My parents are in their 40s. 
    Most of my friends are around my age.

They work full-time. They work part-time. They have retired.
    My friends and I share the same interests. have common interests.

My parents are my role models.
    We get on very well.

My parents are always understanding and patient with me.
    My friends can always cheer me up when I'm upset.

My parents are very strict.
    Most of my friends are very sociable.

I use the Internet to keep in touch with my parents.
    Hanging out with my friends makes me happy.

I have no siblings. cousins
    It's easy to make new friends online.
    online forum / chatroom / social networking websites / online community

Having meals together as a family can strengthen family ties.
    Some people choose to meet their online friends in person.

My parents give me good advice about education and career choices.
    My friends often give me advice about food, shopping and entertainment.

I help my parents with housework. do the dishes/do the laundry/do the cleaning
    We shouldn't take our parents and friends for granted.

These days, people tend to live in small nuclear families rather than large extended families.
    I live alone because I like being independent. But sometimes I feel lonely and unhappy.

The one-child policy has been changed.
    Now married couples are allowed to have two children.

loyal friends

I can always count on them.

My neighbours are very friendly and helpful.
    My neighbours are unfriendly and unhelpful. They don't even return things they've borrowed from me.

They are polite and respectful.
    They are rude and noisy.

They never ask questions that are too personal.
    They often have noisy parties.

We get on well.
    They often play loud music and their dogs bark at night. That really bothers me.

I see them at least a few times a week.
    I rarely see my neighbours althought they live next door.

my next-door neighbours

They live next door.

Teamwork can boost our efficiency.
    Some team members may lack teamwork skills.

Team members need to work closely together.
    Some team members don't feel motivated.

We need to work closely with our teammates to achieve our common goal.
    Some of them are selfish and unkind.

A strong team spirit can help the team achieve success.
    They don't care about their teammates.

Team sports help children develop their communication skills.

Topic 13 Collection
--------------------

Collecting stamps can be a lifetime hobby.
    I used to collect stamps as a child. But now I collect music CDs.

Collecting stuff is fun and enjoyable.
    It can be an expensive hobby.

Some people think of collecting works of art as a good investment.
    Many people collect things for pleasure, not for profit.

Collecting things is a good way to gain new knowledge.
    Some people collect rare things just to show them off.

stamps/music CDs/coins/antiques/souvenirs

I have a large collection of stamps.

Topic 14 Buildings
-------------------

My flat is just a five-minute-walk from my university campus.
    It's very far from where I work.

I live near a convenient bus route.
    It's in a friendly neighbourhood, but the location is not convenient at all.

The living room is spacious and bright and it has a nice view of the city.
    The living room is a bit dark because the windows are too small.

The bedroom is nice and comfortable.
    The bedroom is only big enough for a bed.

My favourite room is the kitchen because I really enjoy cooking for my family and friends.
    There is not enough space in the kitchen.

Good museums are both informative and entertaining. Visitors can gain new knowledge and have fun at the same time.
    Some museums focus too much on making a profit.

Visiting museums is a good way to expand our horizons.
    Some museums don't provide hands-on activities.

Some museums provide free admission.
    Most museums charge admission fees.

Popular museums can contribute to tourism.
    Local visitors has already paid money to the museum through the tax system. They should get free admission.

This museum has a large collection of interesting objects.
    Many museums lack funding.

It provides a wide variety of exhibitions.
    Some museums are boring and don't attract many visitors.

History museums bring history to life.
    It brings science and technology to life.

history museum/natural history museum/science and technology museum/
space museum/art gallery/children's museum/wax museum/military museum

Public libraries are an important source of information.
    Many public libraries lack funding.

This library provides a friendly/quiet atmosphere.
    I only go there before exams.

It has a large collection of books and magazines.
    It only has a small collection of English books.

It also has an area with large tables for group discussions.
    The librarians are not very helpful.

The library has a computer lab where users can search for information on the Internet.
    a well-equipped library
    The Internet connection is too slow.

Old buildings show us how people lived or worked in the past. historic building
    New buildings can better meet our needs.

Historic buildings are an important part of our cultural heritage. historic site
    Some of them are unsafe.

They make cities more attractive.
    They need regular repairs.

Historic building can attract many tourists.
    Repairing them is very expensive.

Topic 15 Sports & Outdoor activities
------------------------------------

Sports are fun and enjoyable.
    Many people surf the Internet or watch TV to relax.

Playing badminton is a good way to keep fit and have fun at the same time. is a good form of exercise
    Many children spend too much time in front of a computer or TV screen.

Playing sports can reduce the risk of heart disease and high blood pressure.
    More and more people are overweight and find it hard to lose weight.

Playing sports is a good way to make new friends.
    Many people prefer to make new friends online.

Parents should encourage their children to lead an active lifestyle.
    Goverments have not done enough to promote healthy lifestyles. exercise regularly/have a healthy diet

Team sports, such as basketball, football and volleyball can help us develop our teamwork skills and communication skills.
    Individual sports, such as swimming, jogging and skiing can boost our concentration and self-discipline.

Extreme sports, such as bungee jumping, rock climbing and rafting can give people a great sense of achievement.
    They are very challenging and can be dangerous.

Televised sports events attract many viewers. spectators现场观众
    Some sports stars earn too much money.

Professional athletes need many years of training to develp the skills that lead to success in their sports.
    We should value scientists,  teachers and nurses more highly because they contribute more to society.

strength/endurance

Ourdoor activities, such as hiking, camping and fishing, help us get closer to nature.
    Outdoor activities depend on the weather.

I can enjoy the sun and the fresh air.
    Sometimes I have to change my plan because of bad weather.

Outdoor activities help me recharge my batteries.
    Outdoor activities can be very tiring.

Doing outdoor activities as a family is a good way to strengthen family ties.
    Many parents find it hard to keep a work-family balance.

Outdoor activities can help children learn about natural.
    These days, many children spend too much time in front of a computer or TV screen.

I feel fresh and energetic when I'm outdoors.
    Some outdoor activities, such as rock climbing and rafting, are very challenging and can be dangerous.

Outdoor activities can boost our immune system.
    We may get wet in the rain and catch a cold.

Cycling is a great way to keep fit.
    I would have to share the road with buses and cars.

Bicycles don't pollute the air.
    I would have to breathe in lots of car fumes.

kite-flying/hide-and-seek/tag

I can soak up some vitamin D.

Topic 16 Travel
---------------

Travelling helps me get away from it all.
    Travelling abroad is expensive.

We can explore new places and meet new people.
    Many tourists don't have opportunity to talk with the locals. group tour/guided tour/independent travel

Travelling alone gives me more freedom. I can have more flexible travel plans.
    Travelling alone can be boring.

Travelling with friends is more fun than travelling alone.
    Sometimes we argue about what to do.

Travelling with friends is a good way to strengthen friendships.
    My friends are always too busy to travel.

We can share the experience together.
    We spend too much time talking to each other.

Tourism contributes to economy.
    Tourism may damage the environment.

Tourists spend money on hotels, transport, food, entertainment and souvenirs.
    Some tourists don't respect to local traditions.

I prefer to travel light.

I'm going to spend the weekend on the beach to recharge my batteries.

Topic 17 Food & Cooking
-----------------------

It's important to have a healthy and balanced diet.
    Many people have busy careers and rely on fast food for their meals.

Fruit and vegetables are rich in vitamin C and fiber.
    Eating too much fast food damages children's health.

Seafood is high in protein and low in fat.
    Fast food contains too much fat, salt or suger.

I like to start my day with a hearty breakfast.
    I often skip breakfast.

I always try to eat three square meals a day.
    I'm often too busy to cook.

People eat out to socialize.
    Eating out is more expensive than eating at home.

Some restaurants provide relaxing and comfortable atmosphere, while others are overcrowded and noisy.

The food at this restaurant is very well-priced.
    Restaurant food tends to be unhealthy.

Restaurants provide a wide variety of food.
    Good restaurants are always packed.

Locally-produced food is more nutritious and tastes better.
    These days, food is often transported over long distances.

Organic food is produced without chemicals.
    Organic food is expensive.

Genetically-modified crops grow faster.
    Many people don't trust GM food.

GM food looks more attractive.
    GM food could damage our health.

Cooking is an important life skill. Teaching children cooking skills can make them more independent.
    Many parents don't know how to cook healthy meals.

Cooking helps children build self-confidence.
    Cooking can be risky for young children.

Children who can cook tend to eat less junk food.
    Many children are addicted to junk food.

Cookery classes are fun and helpful.
    Parents can teach their children how to cook for free.

Food is always beautifully cooked on cookery shows. It's almost like an art form.
    I don't really follow the cooking tips from TV chefs.

white bread/whole-wheat bread/more nutritious

Many people have secret recipes that they don't share with others.

Fresh ingredients make meals healthier.

tasty < delicious < out of this world

Topic 18 Colours & Numbers
--------------------------

Colours can affect our mood.

Bright colours, such as orange and red, make me feel energetic.

Dark colours, such as purple and brown, make me feel calm and peaceful.

Sofe colours, like cream and grey, look elegant and classy.

lilac/maroon/navy blue

We think of 6, 8 and 9 as lucky numbers. They sound similar to some Chinese characters with positive meanings.

My lucky number is ...It's the day I was born on.

Long numbers are difficult to remember.

I try to think of a sentence that sounds similar to the number. That can help me remember the number.

Maths skills can help children better manage their time and money.

Many children find maths difficult.

Maths skills can help children better understand the world around them.

They think maths is boring.

Getting good grades in maths can help children build self-confidence.

Learning maths takes a lot of practice.

Topic 19 Parks, Plants, Animals & Birds
---------------------------------------

Parks are quiet and peaceful.
    Some parks are noisy and overcrowded at weekends.

Parks help us reduce stress.
    There are not enough parks in the city.

This park is a good place to hang out with friends and meet new people.

Parks help children learn about natural.
    Some parks are not safe at night.

This park is a good place for having a picnic or a relaxing walk.
    The picnic tables are worn-out.

We can get away from the busy city life and relax for a couple of hours.
    Big cities are concrete jungles.

We can enjoy the sun and fresh air.
    The park equipment is old and some has been damaged.

Cities need more green space.
    Very few people are interested in planting trees.

Neighbourhood parks help people develop a sense of community.
    Many neighbourhood parks lack funding.

I like to watch the plants grow.
    I have to water the plants by myself.

This park/garden is an oasis from city life.
    
flowerbeds/lawns/fountains/benches/sculptures/gazebos/paths/swings/slides/see-saws

The park is dotted with ponds and lakes.

Trees produce oxygen and absorb carbon dioxide.
    Global warming is a very serious problem.

Trees can help to reduce pollution and clean the air.
    There are more cars on the road, which means more car fumes in the air.

They provide shade in the summer.
    There are not enough trees in this city.

Trees are the main source of wood and contribute to the economy.
    Millions of trees are cut down each year.

Trees make streets more attractive.
    Very few people are interested in planting trees in their neighbourhood.

Many plants bloom in the spring.
    We can enjoy the colours and fragrance of the flowers.

Many people like to decorate their living room with fresh flowers.
    Fresh flowers are more expensive than plastic flowers or silk flowers.

Fresh flowers are beautiful.
    They don't last long.

Flowers are simple but thoughtful gifts. They can help us express our feelings.
    Flowers can help to cheer up patients. get-well flowers

The lotus is a symbol of purity.

The red rose is a symbol of romantic love.

The carnation means love and respect.

The peony represents wealth and prosperity.

The plum flower represents hard work and courage.

I like to hear birds chirping in the morning.
    Wild animals are leaving this area because of noise and pollution.

Birds are an important part of the ecosystem. wild species / endangered species
    Not all wild species are protected by law.

There used to be a wide variety of wild animals and birds living in this area. protect biodiversity
    Now their habitats are being polluted and destroyed.

Governments should spend more money on the protection of wild species.
    Many wildlife reserves lack funding. wildlife reserves/natural reserves

Some birds have gorgeous feathers.
    Some birds look plain.

Some people tend to believe seeing a magpie brings good luck.
    Some people believe seeing a crow brings bad luck.
    That's just an old superstition.

Pets can help to reduce loneliness.
    Some pets make a lot of noise.

Pets can help children develop a sense of responsibility.
    Some pet owners are not responsible owners. They don't take good care of their pets.

cute and adorable

Topic 20 Celebration & Rest
---------------------------

Celebrating festivals is fun and enjoyable.
    Festivals are noisy, but that's part of the fun.

Festivals contribute a lot to the economy.
    Celebrating festivals can be expensive.

Festivals help to strengthen family ties.
    More and more people choose to live alone.

Family members get together and share the joy.
    Trains are overcrowded, with many passengers standing.

Traditional festivals are an important part of our cultural heritage.
    Many young people think Western festivals, such as Christmas and Valentine's Day, are more fun and exciting.
    Thanksgiving day give thanks for what we have.

Traditional festivals help children better understand their cultural.
    Traditional festival food tends to delicious but unhealthy.

On New Year's Eve, many people watch the TV specials.
    see the fireworks/set off firecrackers/give children red envelopes with money inside
    the TV gala broadcast on the eve of Chinese New Year

Holidays help us take a breath, have a good rest and rechage our batteries.
    Most shops are overcrowded on public holidays.
    Most shops are closed on public holidays.

Many people go abroad on holidays.
    Travelling abroad is expensive and can be challenging. overcome the language barrier

I use holidays to catch up on sleep.

the New Year holiday/the Spring Festival holiday/the Qingming Festival holiday/
the Labour Day holiday/the Duanwu Festival holiday/the Dragon Boat Festival holiday/
the Mid-Autumn Festival holiday/the National Day holiday

Going to parties is a good way to have fun with friends and meet new people. catch up with old friends
    Some parties are too noisy.

People socialise at parties.
    Some parties are too wild. Some people even get drunk and do crazy things.

Most of our friends are very sociable.
    My parents are too strict. We don't communicate well.
    The more, the merrier.
    We had a blast!

My birthday reminds me of how much my parents love and support me.

Celebrating my birthday with my friends makes me feel special.

light the candles on the cake/sing "Happy Birthday"/make a wish/blow out the candles/cut the cake/open the gifts

I really appreciate how much they care about me.

They give me thoughtful gifts, like my favourite snacks, books or gift cards for my favourite shops.

I particularly like the gifts hand-made by my friends.

Every birthday is a fresh start. is a new beginning

We can have new dreams and new goals.

We'll try to do things better and achieve more.

The 18th birthday is very important because it's when a young person is considered to become an adult.

the birthday boy/girl

My friends and I exchange gifts on New Year's Day.
    Exchanging gifts is a good way to celebrate special occasions.

I spend a lot of time choosing the right gift for my friend's birthday. thoughtful gifts
    Giving friends gifts shows that we really care about them.

On Chinese New Year, children receive gifts and red envelopes with money inside.
    On Valentine's Day, lovers give each other romantic gifts, like flowers, chocolate or jewellery, to express their feelings.

Some people give their friends expensive gifts, like mobile phones or tablets.
    Some people give their boss expensive gifts to develop guanxi.

Hand-made gifts are more creative and more memorable.
    It's the thought that counts.

Dancing is a good way to socialise.
    I have two left feet, so I can't dance well.

Dancing is a good way to keep fit. a good form of exercise
    Learning to dance well takes time and energy.

The moves and steps of traditional dances are more complicated. They take a lot of practice to learn.
    The moves and steps of modern dances are more fun and creative. They are a good way to express ourselves.

Ballet is an elegant dance style.
    I like dancing to energetic music.

I always try to keep a regular sleep schedule.
    If I stay up late, then I feel tired and find it hard to concentrate the next morning.

A good night's sleep makes me feel fresh and energetic.
    Lack of sleep increases the risk of heart disease and high blood pressure.

Getting enough sleep helps me reduce stress and can really boost my efficiency.
    Lack of sleep makes people feel stressed.

Listening to some relaxing music, taking a hot shower and doing some light exercise can all help me get a good night's sleep.
    I often play video games before going to bed.
    an early bird
    an night owl






















