Monica: Are you okay, sweetie?
Rachel: Oh wow. Are you in trouble.
Frannie: Are you kidding? I take credit for Paul. Y'know before me, there was no snap in his turtle for two years. 
Rachel: Are you kidding? I'm trained for nothing! I was laughed out of twelve interviews today. 
Joey: (pause)....Are we still talking about sex?
Monica: (taking a drink from Joey) Are you through with that? 
Rachel: (hesitates) Are you sure? 
Monica: Are you guys gonna be okay? 
Monica: Are you nuts?! We've got George Stephanopoulos' pizza! (Rachel pays him, Monica grabs some binoculars, and runs to the window.) 
Phoebe: Are you gonna go over there?
Chandler: Oh, my god, I'm so sorry. Are you ok?
Rachel: Are you sure?
Chandler: Are we greeting each other this way now? 'Cause I like that.
Monica: (to everyone) It's Chandler! (on phone) Are you OK?
Joey: Are you going to do it?
Phoebe: (trying to hold back the struggling cat) He seems to hate you. Are you sure?
Jill: Are you alright?
Monica: Are these the shoes?
Chandler: And this from the cry-for-help department. Are you wearing makeup?
Are resting in a little yellow jar,
Rachel: No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? (To Monica) Are people eating my dip?
Phoebe: Are you alright?
Chandler: Are there no conscious men in the city for you two?
Mrs. Bing: Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
Monica: Are you sure?
Phoebe: Are you moving out?
Phoebe: Are you okay?
Chandler: Are they end to end, or tall like pancakes?
Ross: Are you sure? Great. Carol? Wanna come over and join us?
Fireman No. 3: Are you kidding? My girlfriend doesn't know, I'm not gonna tell them!
Nina: Are you okay?
Rachel: Are you seein’ her again tonight?
Monica: Are you alright?
Monica: OK, we done with the chit-chat? Are we ready to play some serious poker?
Luisa: Oookay. Are you aware that possession of an illegal exotic is, uh, punishable by up to two years in prison and confiscation of the animal?
Monica: Run, Marcel, run! Run, Marcel! (Marcel runs off and Luisa runs after him. Monica goes to check up on Phoebe) Are you okay?
Ross: Are you insane? C'mere, Marcel, c'mon. (Marcel starts to go to him)
Ross: What?! Are you insane? This woman stole from you. She stole. She's a stealer.
Rachel: Are you drunk?!
Monica: Are you a virgin?
Ross: Are you not seeing him anymore?
Ross: Are you're hands still wet?
Carol: Are they here yet?
Rachel: (anxiously) No, no, not at the moment, no, I'm not. Are you?
CHANDLER: Are you sure he's gonna be able to crack that code?
RACHEL: Why? Who's not having. . . Are you and Julie not, are, are you and, are you and Julie not having sex?
WAITER: Are we ready to order? 
ROSS: Geez! Are you ready?
JOEY: Are you ok, Ross?
MONICA: Are you sure he didn't break it because it really hurts.
RACH: Are you over me?
CHAN: I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
ROSS: Are you OK?
RUSS: Are you a, uh, friend of Rachel's?
ROSS: Yes, yes I am. Are you a, uh, a friend of Rachel's?
JOEY: Are you really not going?
PHOEBE: I'm just, I'm, I'm, I'm used to playing for grown-ups. Ya know, they just, grown-ups drink their coffee and do their grown-up thing, ya know, and kids listen. This is a huge responsibility. What? Are you gonna kiss me?
ROSS: Are you trying to get me to bribe you?
JOEY: Are you naked in there?
VAN DAMME: Are you sure, I can crush a walnut with my butt.
INTERVIEWER: Are they, uh, firm?
DR. BURKE: Yeah. Are we nuts here?
MONICA: Are we still on that?
MONICA: Are you sure this time?
RACHEL: Are you kidding me?
PHOEBE: Are you crazy?
MR. GREENE: Are you wearing my glasses?
RICHARD: Are you remaking the bed?
JOEY: Ha-ha. [Scott leaves] Are all you processors dorks?
PHOEBE: Yeah? Are you sure, really. [She picks up a mirror and sees the white splotches all over her face.]
RYAN: What're you doing? Are you scratching?
PHOEBE: Are you the cutest?
ROSS: Are you all right?
Joey: (with food in his mouth) You talked to him. Are you crazy?
Rachel: Are you serious?
Ross: (to Chandler) Are you intrigued?
Janice: (laughs) I don't think we need to, because you're tripping me out right now! Are you okay?
Janice: Are you being British?!
Phoebe: No, no, no, I wouldn't do you myself, I mean that would be weird. Yeah, no, I'll get one of the other girls to do it. Oh, this will be so much fun! Hey! Are you excited?
Monica: It's beautiful! It's like the first bathroom floor there ever was. (Chandler tries to go to the bathroom) Whoa! Are you going in there for?
Monica: Are you serious? (they all look) Oh my God.
Monica: Whoa! Are you okay?
Rachel: Are ah, having dinner with my Dad tomorrow night, I hope that's okay.
Chandler: I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? (Janice shakes her head no) Are you finished with him? (Janice shakes her head no) Do you still love him? (Janice shakes her head yes) Do you still love me? (Janice shakes her head yes) All right look, (grabs the bag) I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me? (his phone starts to ring) 
Joey: They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
Rachel: Are you, are you, are you sure it's ah, a new bump? I mean, no offense, I've always thought of Ben as a fairly bumpy headed child.
Rachel: (coming over to Ross, who is just getting up) Are you okay?
Rachel: Are you gonna let me play?
Monica: Are we playing football or what? Come on you hairy-backed Marries.
Rachel: I'm so sorry! Are you okay?
Ross: Hey, Joey. Are men ever nice to strange women for no reason?
Monica: Are you insane? I mean Joey, is going to kill you, he's actually going to kill you dead.
Monica: Are you crazy?!
Chandler: Y'know what, we should all calm down because your brother's not going to punch me. (to Joey) Are ya?
Ross: Are you jealous? 
Joey: Rach, it's, it's ah, it's not that we don't want to, really. (quietly) Are we talking models in their underwear?
Chandler: Nope, hymn 253, His Eyes Are On The Sparrow! When my parents got divorced is when I started using humour as a defence mechanism. (answers the door and it's Rachel again.) 
Monica: You're supposed to double the tax. Not double the tax of Romania. I mean, what's-what's the deal? Are you, are you trying to buy me? Is this the way you get girls to go out with you?
Kate: Yes. Are you one of the retarded cousins?
Ross: What are you doing? Are you trying to hurt me? Or something?
Rachel: (looks at him) That was (pause) surreal. Okay, what do think? Are you interested at all?
Rachel: (whispering) Chandler!! Are you gonna call her!
Gunther: Are you all right?
Joey: Are you sure?
Joey: Hey! Are you okay?
Rachel: Are you sure?
Phoebe: Well, I’m ready to get the hell out of here! (Sees Ross and Rachel cuddling on the couch.) Oh. Are you? Are you?!! (they nod ‘Yes.’) Ohh! That’s so great!! Ooh, not for Bonnie. (they nod ‘No.’) But for you, yay! Ohh.
Rachel: Okay. (picks up phone) Are you sure you wanna hear this?
Chandler: Ahh, Gepeto, $5,000 dollars? Are you insane?
Ross: Are you sure she’s in the cat, or have you been taking your grandma’s glycoma medicine again?
Chandler: Are you all right?!
Ross: Are you serious?
Chandler: Bye. (Kathy leaves and Chandler wonders over to and leans up against the door.) Are you still out there?
Monica: Are you serious?
Joey: That sounds like another word to me! Are you gonna take this seriously? (There’s no response from Chandler.) Okay.
Chandler: (entering) Hey, you guys! Hey, Ross, quick question for ya. Are you ready to party?
Chandler: No-no, I don’t think you heard me. Are you ready to party?!
Joey: Are you serious?!
Phoebe: Really?! Are you sure?
Monica:  Umm, I just wanna say, uh (reads from a 3 X 5 card) that with a pinch of exictement, a dash of hard work, a dollup of cooperation, we can have the recipe... (Looks up and sees eveyone glaring at her) Are you gonna kill me?
Chandler: I say, Drew! Are you seeing anybody right now? (Drew looks at him) Og-ee-op, I’m not asking for me, I’m… I mean… No, I’m-I’m not gay, I’m not asking you out. I’m not-I’m not-I’m not gay!
Ross: (now fully awake) Are we really in Montreal?!
Monica: Are you serious?
Frank: Are you serious?
Monica: Are you scared?
Chandler: Are you sure it was Althea?!
Phoebe: (singing) "Are you in there little fetus? 
Monica: Are you sure?
Ross: Are you kidding?!
Rachel: Ohh, gosh. You guys, come on, this is—I have to meet Joshua! This is my one chance for him to see the fun Rachel. Y’know the "Wouldn’t it be great if she was my wife" Rachel. Ohh, all right! Are Joey and Chandler back?
Ticket Counter Attendant: Are you travelling with a child?
Ross: Please! Are you kidding? I-I hurt three huge men, I gave a guy a bloody nose—I mean I-I’m not proud of it but, I really am. And it’s all because of you, wonderful, amazing you.
Joey and Monica: Are you all right?
Monica: Are you sure?
Chandler: Are we in London?
Emily: Are you all right?
Ross: Uh-huh, Carol, so were we. All right, just-just imagine for a moment, Susan meets someone and-and they really hit it off. Y’know? Say-say they’re coming back from the theatre, and they-they stop at a pub for a couple of drinks, they’re laughing, y’know, someone innocently touches someone else… There’s electricity, it’s new. It’s exciting. Are you telling me there isn’t even the slightest possibility of something happening?
Joey: Are you kidding? I love that guy! (Starts singing) Morning’s here! Morning is here—
Chandler: Are you serious?
Chandler: Are you serious?
Phoebe: Hey, so? Are you gonna do it?
Chandler: Are you kidding me?! Joey. Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey! Joey!!
Monica: Are you alone?
Joey: Are you bachelors?
Joey: Are you strippers?
The Stripper: Ohhh, look at the little birdies! Are those yours?
Ross: Hey! Are you ready yet?
Felicity: (Putting her arm around Joey.) Are you going home? I was hoping to get to know you better.
Rachel: Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, (points to Ross’s seat.) he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! (Looks out the window.) Hey, look at that, the airport’s moving. (Realizes that that’s not how it works.) Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we’re moving? (Sits back in defeat.) Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Chandler: Are you okay? I'm so sorry, he wouldn't leave. He kept asking me about chicken.
Joey: Are they? I didn't know I cared that much.
Joey: (interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option—what's a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!
Joey's Doctor: Are you ready? It's time to try peeing. (Joey makes a face like he is trying to pee.) Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait! It's almost time to try peeing. (Points at the bottle Joey is to pee into.)
Phoebe: Are you calling me selfish?!
Joey: Are you calling you people? (Chandler rolls his eyes.) Yeah, well sorry to burst that bubble, Pheebs, but selfless good deeds don't exist. Okay? And you the deal on Santa Clause right?
Joey: $200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
Rachel: (entering) Hi! Are you ready? We're gonna be late!
Chandler: It was terrible. I fought with (Pause) my colleagues y'know, the entire time. Are you kidding with this? (Throws away another Rollo)
Monica: Look, I'm not happy about this either, but y'know if-if Ross says he's happy then we're just gonna have to keep our feelings about Emily to ourselves. Are you cool with that?
Joey: You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Phoebe: Are you still mad at us?
Phoebe: (to the squirrel) Okay, stop tormenting me! This mink! Okay, they're mean! And they hate squirrels! And y'know, okay, most of these probably wanted to be coats! (The squirrel stares at her.) All right, fine, now I get it. (To the clerk.) Here. (She hands him her coat.) You take it. (To the squirrel.) Are you happy now? I'm cold!
Chandler: Are you looking at naked tribe's women?
Monica: (To Monica) Danny. Are you guys ever gonna go out again?
Larry: Hey, buddy! (Flashes his badge.) Are you familiar with Section 11-B of the Health Code that requires all refuse material out the back exit?
Ross: Are you guys sure about this?
Chandler: Are you aware that you're still talking?
Chandler: Are you all right?
The Teacher: Are you just repeating what I'm saying?
Phoebe: Are you just repeating what I'm saying?
Chandler: Are you sure Joe? Are you sure you're not just a sex addict?
Danny: Are you close with them?
Ross: (talking to himself) My God! These pants are burning up! (He's still wearing the leather pants.) (She snuggles closer.) Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! (Out loud.) Are you hot? 
Rachel: Are they in love?
Joey: Oh. Are you sure you don't want to come? Tom Hanks, Meg Ryan, they get mail and stuff.
Doug: Well, I gotta tell ya Bing; that partner of yours is a real tiger. (To his wife.) Are you all right sweethart?
Monica: Are you crazy?! We own those two! I mean look at 'um, he can't breath and she's popping pills.
Chandler: Oh yes, sir! Put me out of my misery. Are you sure you never played pro? (Does his work laugh.) (To Monica) Please let them win!
Phoebe: Are you serious?!
Ross: Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
Janice: Are you gonna be okay?
Joey: Are you all right?
Joey: What? Are you referring to my man's bag? At first, I thought it just looked good, but it's practical too. Check it out! It's got compartments for all your stuff! Your wallet! Your keys! Your address book!
Rachel: Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Frank Sr.: Are you sure?
Chandler: Well, I try to y'know, squeeze things. (Phoebe giggles uncontrollably.) Are you okay?
Chandler: Are you serious?
Rachel: Are you kidding?!
Katie: Aww, like I could hurt you. Are you making fun of my size? Don't make fun of me because of my size! (She punches him again and almost knocks him off the arm of the couch.)
Monica: Are you okay?
Katie: You'd better do something, or I'm gonna walk out that door right now! Well? Are you gonna?
Monica: Are you saying I smell bad?
Rachel: Yeah! (She puts on her coat and turns around and sees Ross is expecting her to help.) (Laughing.) Are you kiddin'?
[Scene: The lobby in Ross's building, we see a flyer that is on the bulletin board that reads, "Are you the Hot Girl who waved at me? If so, give me a call!" and it's signed, Joey 629-9*** (The last couple of numbers have been ripped off). Anyhoo, Ross is getting his mail.]
Joey: What?! Are you kidding?!
Ross: Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
Ross: (smiling) Are you sure?
Joey: Are you thinking about Monica?
Emily: (on answering machine) Hello Ross? It's Emily. (Rachel runs back into the room with the tequila.) I know this is out of the blue but uh, I'm getting married tomorrow. Well, maybe I am. I keep thinking about you and I'm wondering if-if we made a mistake giving up so fast. Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Emily: (on answering machine) Are you thinking about me? Of course you're not, but if you are, call me tonight. Okay, bye.
Ross: Are you serious?!
Chandler: Uh, are you crazy? Are you insane? If you live with Phoebe, you two are gonna be y'know, live-living together!
Phoebe: (looks at the paper) Are these for rent! I thought people were just bragging!
Gary: Are you sure?
Monica: All right, there's some pizza at my place, we can all eat with one hand right? Are you with me?
Rachel: (really excited) Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy! (He took out that thing they use to look at people's retinas and looked at Rachel's when she was shaking his hand causing her to flinch and scream at him.)
Ross: Are you angry at me because I said your handwriting is childlike?
Rachel: (laughs) What?! Are you crazy?
Chandler: Are you sure you weren't (pause) looking at your hands in a mirror?
Monica: Are you serious?!
Ross: I'll do it. Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm your man. (He starts to sit down on the bed. There's one problem though, he's about two feet to the left of it. Needless to say, he misses and falls on his butt.) (Looking up at Joey.) Whoa-oh-whoa! Are you, are you okay?
Joey's Hand Twin: Are you gonna play?
Monica: Are you sure you wanna do this?
