Joey: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
Waitress: Can I get you some coffee?
Ross: Can I use.. either thumb? 
Monica: Can I ask you guys a question? D'you ever think that Alan is maybe.. sometimes.. 
Monica: Can you believe it? ...Y'know what? I just don't feel the thing. I mean, they feel the thing, I don't feel the thing. 
Joey: Man. Can you believe he's only had sex with one woman? 
Chandler: Hey, that's not good. Can I get an espresso and a latte over here, please?
Chandler: Well, I'm gonna get another espresso. Can I get you another latte?
Joey: Can you believe this? Al Pacino! This guy's the reason I became an actor! "I'm out of order? Pfeeeh. You're out of order! This whole courtroom's out of order!"
Phoebe: Can I borrow the phone? I want to call my apartment and check on my grandma. (to Monica) What's my number? 
Chandler: ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Ross: Yes, yes, fine, that is my penis. Can we be grown-ups now?
Monica: Can you go any faster with that?
Chandler: Can I just say one thing?
Joey: (at the urinal) Can you stop yellin'? You're makin' me nervous, and I can't go when I'm nervous.
Janice: Oh, I miss you already. Can you believe this happened?
Monica: Can we just start throwing things in?
Chandler: Can you see my nipples through this shirt?
Chandler: Can you believe it? I mean, don't I seem like somebody who should be doing something really cool? You know, I just always pictured myself doing something...something.
Rachel: Excuse me? Can I help you with anything?
Chandler: Can we start over?
Phoebe: Alright, so, can we turn this off? Can we just make it... make them go away? Because I can’t, I can’t watch.
Rachel: (opening mail) Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?
Chandler: Can I use your phone?
Joey: Hey, so listen, I went across the street and talked to the doorman- I got the peeper's name! Can I use the phone?
Joey: (to Monica) Can I use your phone? (On phone) Yeah, the number for a Sidney Marks, please.
Phoebe: (points at Joey's pen) Uh, uh, gimme. Can you see me operating a drill press?
Chandler: Can you hear that?
Monica: Can we come in?
JOEY: Can we see her?
CHANDLER: (entering, angry) Yo, paisan! Can I talk to you for a sec? Your tailor is a very bad man!
JOEY: Check this out. Can I have this?
ROSS: Can I ask you somethin'?
CHANDLER: Can you hold on a moment? I have another call. (to Ross) I love her.
PHOEBE: Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
CHANDLER: Can I uh see something? (Takes Ben. When he puts him close to Monica, Ben cries. When he moves Ben away, he stops crying.)
MONICA: That's good, have a seat. Um, the doctor says it's gotta be a needle. You're just gonna have to be brave, ok? Can you do that for me?
ROSS: [reluctantly] Can I come over tomorrow and pick up Fluffy Meowington's cat toy.
PHOEBE: Can you believe this. In, like, two hours I'm gonna have a dad. Eeeshk.
WAITER: Can I get you something from the bar?
MONICA: I can't believe this, just like 2 weeks ago I was watching Sudden Death, now I'm on a date with Jean-Claude Van Damme. Can you beat up that guy? [he nods] Can you beat up that guy?
CHANDLER: Mine is the red one! Oh God. Can open, worms everywhere.
JOEY: Can you believe this place?
JOEY: Can we drop this? I am not interested in the guy's apartment.
ROSS: Hi, we're visitiing. It's Ben and his da-da. Da-da. Can you say da-da? Look, I'm gonna tell your momies you said it anyway so you might as well try.
CHANDLER: That, that is funny. Can I have it back?
RYAN: Can I please see your face?
PHOEBE: Can I please take these off? I swear I won't scratch.
RYAN: Can you believe how we spent our two weeks together?
JOEY: See after the scene, Mr. Beatty comes up to me and says 'good actor, bad kisser'. Can you believe that, me not a good kisser, that's like, like Mother Theresa, not a good mother. 
BEST MAN: (standing up) Yo! Can I have your attention, please, Best Man, making a toast here. Thank you. (clears throat, and starts reading his toast) I remember when Barry got home from his first date with Rachel...
Joey: Can we please turn this off?
Phoebe: Oh, it's your audition from this morning. Can I use the phone again?
Joey: (entering) G. I. Joe! Cool! Can I play?
Chandler: Can I be that guy?
Chandler: (answering phone) Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. (to Monica and Rachel) Okay, what do I do?
Chandler: (to bartender) Can I get a beer.
Phoebe: Yeah, well, we'll see about that. Can I use your phone? I just wanna call everyone I know.
Janice: Oh, I'm sorry honey, I'm so, so, (nasally) haaaaa! I'm so, so sorry, I just (nasally) haaaaaa! But I, oh what happened was, I-I-I can't breathe. Can you get me a bag, or something?
Ross: Can we please focus here, a naked man's life hangs in the balance!
Ross: Can I see you for a second?
Rachel: Can I see that for second.
Joey: (angrily entering, to Chandler) Can I talk to you for a second?!
Joey's Sister: Finally, I thought we'd never be alone. Can I just tell you something, I have not stopped thinking about you since the party. (kisses him) 
Joey: Can I see the comics?
Chandler: Can somebody else hug him? I have to stay by the window.
Phoebe: Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? (they both look away) Can you be civil?
Phoebe: Yeah, I know. It's a real mustard-tastrophe. Can you help me?
Pete: Okay, that's great, but can we make it smaller? Can we make it fit on the head of a pin? I love when we make things fit on the head of a pin.
Chandler: Wow!! Can Joey and I put them on and fight?
Monica: Can you believe he just offered me a restaurant?
Monica: Okay. (she gets ready to go) Can you give me a little push?
Chandler: (entering, carrying the chick and duck) Hey! Can you take a duck and a chick to the theatre? 
Monica: My God, you can’t even look at me! Can you?
Mr. Treeger:: Can you be my dancing partner?
Chandler: Can I sleep on your couch?
Kathy: Can I borrow the keys to your apartment? 
Phoebe: Ooo, a crossword! Can I help? 
Chandler: Oh, yeah. Yeah, I found this great place called "Invisible things for Kathy." (Motions to an imaginary pile of presents next to him.) Can you give me a hand with all this stuff? 
Kathy: Can you really do that?
Ross: (to Rachel) Oh hey! Hey uh, you remember the necklace I gave you last year? Can I see it?
Monica: Can you believe it? I finally get to run my own kitchen!
Monica: I need more swordfish. (to one of the assistant chefs) Can you get me some more swordfish?
Kathy: Umm, (moves her hand’s down to his butt) I love this touchy. Can I take it to work with me?
Rachel: Can you not look at me when I say this? (He turns around) I thought that if I could get you here, I could seduce you.
Rachel: Yeah! Can you believe that something that stupid actually got us our apartment back?
Monica: Can you just hold on for one minute?
Rachel: Oh, I know, I know, it’s-it’s so, it’s so totally like, "Whoa! Can we do this?" Y’know, I mean, but I mean it just feels right! Don’t you think? It does! I mean, it just feels right, don’t you think?
Rachel: So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
Monica: Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! (She shows Rachel what she bought. She bought a little leather jacket and a little cowboy outfit for the babies.) Can you believe they make these for little people?
Phoebe: Yea. Can I please, please, please talk to one of the best men? This is going to be the last time I promise.
Joey: Can I ask you something?
Monica: (Poking her head in) Rach? Can I talk to for just a minute? I-I dropped some socks.
Phoebe: Can I tell you a little secret?
Chandler: (entering) Hey, Monica? Can I ask you a cooking question?
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Can you hear anything?
Chandler: Oh yes, somebody just said, "Can you hear anything?"
Chandler: I hear ya, Mugsy! But look, all these rooms are fine okay? Can you just pick one so I can watch-(realizes)-have a perfect, magical weekend together with you.
Monica: Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Phoebe: Yeah, my mom sent me a family heirloom that once belonged to my grandmother. Can you believe it?! A year ago I didn't even have a family, and now I have heirlooms for crying out loud.
Ross: After what I did? Can you blame her?
Ross: Oh mom! Okay, umm, her name is Carol. And she's really pretty. And smart. And uh, she's-she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team. Can you believe it? She plays for both teams!
Ross: Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!
French Phoebe:  Gauze! Gauze! I need to get some gauze in here! Can I please get some gauze in here! (A shell explodes outside next to the tent and when the smoke clears, Phoebe still has her arm.) Whew! (Her arm falls off and starts pumping out blood.) This is getting ridiculous uh! 
Ross: This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then…
Joey: (taking a bite) Oh, great! Can you believe I found it on the second floor? 
Monica: Okay. (She gets up and walks over to Chandler.) Chandler? Can I see you for a second?
Phoebe: Yeah, uh-huh, there was nothing. (Pause) Can I get some water?
Joey: Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
Rachel: (flinches) Ross! Come on! That's all right! Fine--Okay, I have a weird thing about my eye. Can we not talk about it please?
Joey: Uhh Pheebs, I heard that. Can you put him on?
Chandler: I know. Can you believe it? One year ago today I was just your annoying friend Chandler.
Chandler: Can I give you a present now?
Ross: Can we, can we just forget this ever happened?
Joey: Uhh, because I'm shooting a scene right now. Yeah, I uh, I play a gladiator. Uh, y'know what? Hold-hold on a second. (To no one in particular) Can we cut? Yeah, my-my friends are here, I'm gonna take a little break.
Joey: Yeah-yeah, he was playing blackjack for like an hour and he won $5,000. Can you believe that? $5,000!
Joey: (to the dealer) Can I change a hundred? (He hands him his chip.)
