Chandler: (to Joey) Could've been a peach. 
Monica: (on phone) Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? (Listens) Yes, hold on. (To Rachel) Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account. 
Chandler: Yes, the moon, the glow, the magical feeling, you did this part- Could I get some painkillers over here, please? 
Monica: Could've played Monopoly, but nooooo. 
Monica: (into phone) Pants and a sweater? Why, mom? Who am I gonna meet in a blackout? Power company guys? Eligible looters? Could we talk about this later? OK. (hangs up)
Chandler: You know, on second thought, gum would be perfection. (Jill gives him a stick of gum, and a strange look) 'Gum would be perfection'? 'Gum would be perfection.' Could have said 'gum would be nice,' or 'I'll have a stick,' but no, no, no, no. For me, gum is perfection. I loathe myself.
Chandler: ...Couldn't enjoy a cup of noodles after that. I mean, is that ridiculous? Can you believe she actually thought that?
Aunt Lillian: Could we see something in a slimmer heel?
Phoebe: Could you speak up please?
Chandler: Awful. Awful. Couldn'ta gone worse. 
Mrs. Tribbiani: That's sweet. Could I take her?
Chandler: You got it. Good woman! (the waiter turns around, it's a man) Could we get a bottle of your most overpriced champagne?
Joey: Phoebe, could you do me a favour? Could you try this on? I just wanna make sure it fits.
Chandler: Could you want her more?
Ross: Well that's fine with me. Could use the money.
Chandler: Couldn't be more out. (throws in cards)
Ross: Marcel, c'mere, c'mere. (He sits down and Marcel jumps down and sits beside him) Well buddy, this is it. There's just a coupla things I want to say. I'm really gonna miss you, and I'm never gonna forget about you. You've been more than just a pet to me, you've been more like a be- (Marcel climbs down and starts humping his leg) Okay, Marcel, please, could you leave my leg alone? Could you just stop humping me for two seconds?! Marcel, would- okay, just take him away. Just take him.
Rachel: Could tonight be the Night?
Phoebe: You know like... uh okay... uh... 'Could that report be any later?'
Monica: Ha,ha, ha, oh my life is just so amusing. Could we drop it now?
Ross: (to Monica): Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
ROSS: Could you be less enthused?
SUSIE: Could ya?
CHANDLER: Could you get us a couple of beers?
MRS. GELLER: Jack. Could you come in here for a moment? NOW!
DELIVERY GUY: Right. Could you sign this?
RICHARD: But... he gets it back, pass to the middle, lines it up and... BAM! Yes! Could that shot BE any prettier?
MONICA: Could you guys please try to keep it down, we're trying to start a Boggle tournament.
MONICA: Could not be more terrified.
Joey: Look at me! I'm Chandler! Could I be wearing any more clothes? Maybe if I wasn't going commando...
Sarah: Could you do me one favor, if it's not too much trouble?
Sarah: Could you pull open the curtains for me? The astronauts from the space shuttle are gonna be on the news, and since we don't have a TV, the lady across the alley said she'd push hers up to a window, so I could watch it.
Chandler: Could I borrow it?
Cailin: I don't know. Could be because I don't feel like standing around all night waiting for some guy who may or may not scream.
Chandler: Could we be more white trash?
Chandler: Okay, here’s the situation. The keys to the cuffs are on the back of the door. Could you be a doll and grab them and scoot on over and unlock me? And on a totally different subject, that is a lovely pantsuit.
Chandler: Could there be more Kims?
Joanna: I seem to have had a slight office mishap. Could you please get the key off the back of the door for me.
Gym Employee: Okay, no problem. (To someone out of the picture) Could you come here for a second?
Phoebe: Wow! Could everyone totally see up his robe?
Chandler: Could be Casey.
Monica: Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag—Why is nobody writing these down?
Mr. Waltham: (entering) Rachel! Could I have a moment?
Ross: (to Emily) Hey, could you do me a favour? Could you just grab me a bottle of water? 
Phoebe: No no no, I’ll be nice, I swear!!!   Could you just give me the number for where they are?
Joey: Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I’m not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. (pointing at everyone.) But not as much as I love America. (Looking at Chandler.) Could we please..go home now?
Ross: Look, were down to just one point. Could we please, maybe just settle it after the wedding.
Monica: (Scoots towards the side of the bed.) Could you not look?
Chandler: Could I be more sorry. (Looks at Joey.)
The Pastor: Could everyone please take their seats?
The Casting Director: (stopping him) I'm sorry. Could you, could you try it without the purse?
Monica: Couldn't you just stay like this forever? (His eyes snap open.) Chandler! Couldn't you just stay here forever?
The Salesman: Yeah. Could you just sign right here please? (Hands him a clipboard.)
Jen: Sure, I'll just get my coat. (There's a knock on the door.) Could you get that?
Rachel: Pheebs? Could you get that? Please?
