Chandler: Sometimes I wish I was a lesbian... (They all stare at him.) Did I say that out loud?
Joey: You should both know, that he's a dead man.  Oh, Chandler? (Starts after Chandler.) Monica: So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
Chandler: Did you make it, or are you just serving it? 
Lizzie: Did you pick out the vowels? 
Monica: Did you ever go out with a guy your friends all really like? 
Phoebe: Did he mention us? 
Monica: (leaping off of the couch and runs up) Wait! Did you say 'G.Stephanopoulos?' 
Monica: Did he give you that whole "You're-not-up-to-this" thing again?
Rachel: (to Ross) Yes! Did you see that?
Monica: Did anybody else feel they just wanted to peel the skin off their body, to have something else to do?
Ross: Yeah, I mean... I think when it's your shot, y'know, you-you know it's your shot. Did it... feel like your shot..?
Chandler: You're kidding! Did you tell her I wasn't?
Monica: Mom already called this morning to remind me not to wear my hair up. Did you know my ears are not my best feature?
Rachel: Pheebs, I can't believe he hasn't kissed you yet. I mean God, by my sixth date with Paolo, I mean he had already named both my breasts! ...Ooh. Did I just share too much?
Phoebe: Me too! Oh! Did you ever see An Officer and a Gentleman?
Roger: Did I, uh, did I miss something?
Joey: (Snatches the phone) Hey Ma. Listen, I made the appointment with Dr. Bazida, and... Excuse me? (To his dad) Did you know this isn't Ma?
Rachel: Did you not get a good enough look the other day?
Mrs. Tribbiani: I know you did, cookie. Oh, I know you did. So tell me. Did you see her?
Chandler: Did you see Betty?
Ross: Dad, dad, dad, I'm talkin' about the whole uh, baby thing. Did you uh, ever get this sort of... panicky, "Oh my god I'm gonna be a father" kind of a thing?
Rachel: Hey... hi, ladies... uh, can I get you anything? (to Monica, quietly): Did you bring the mail?
Joey: Um, sure! Did you, uh, did you try turning the knob back the other way?
Woman No. 2: Did I put too much rum in here?
Rachel: Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Monica: Did you ever feel like sometimes you are just so unbelievably uncoordinated?
Joey: Did you call the cops?
Fake Monica: I-I used to be just like you. And then one day I saw a movie that changed my life. Did you ever see Dead Poets' Society?
Monica: Windows are clean, candels are lit. Uh, belt's to tight, gotta change the belt. Did I turn the fish? (goes over to the kitchen to check on the dinner) No, cause I made lasagne. (to Rachel) Am I out of control?
Monica: Did not.
Phoebe: Did I miss it, did I miss it?
Monica: Did you go home and change?
RACHEL: Did you talk to him?
RACHEL: Did you just say Hi, Jew?
MONICA: Did it ever occur to you that I might just be that stupid?
RACHEL: Ok, Monica. I just have to know one thing. Did you go with her to Bloomingdales? Oh! Ok, ok, ok, I just really, uh, I just really need to not be with you right now.
JOEY: Supposably. Supposably. Did they go to the zoo? Supposably.
MONICA: Did you know I was allergic to shellfish?
CHANDLER: You know, I don't think we brought enough stuff. Did you forget to pack the baby's anvil?
ROSS: Did you tell him about my thquirt gun idea?
RACH: Did we speak on the phone last night? Did you call me?
RACH: Did uh, Ross call?
JOEY: [to Ross] Hey, so how'd it go with Julie? Did you, did you break her heart?
RACHEL: Did you just break the radiator?
MNCA: Not that bad? Did you hear the hammer story?
RACH: Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
RACHEL: [entering hurriedly] Did I miss it? Did I miss it?
MRS GREEN: Oh, look, here's Barry. Did he have to come straight from the office?
PHOEBE: I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
MONICA: Did you just flick me?
MRS. GELLER: I have no idea. Did you know Richard has a twinkie in the city?
MONICA: Did she leave a number?
ROSS: Did you see me write one down?
MONICA: Did they just kill off Joey?
CHANDLER: Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. [starts poking Monica in the shoulder] 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
ROSS: Oh look, did, did you just see that? Did you see? He just waved, he just waved, he's never waved before, you've never waved before. Yes he has. Very good.
MONICA: Hey. Where is he, where's Richard? Did you ditch him?
MONICA: Did you like it?
RACHEL: I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'.
BIG BULLY: Did we not make ourselves clear the other day.
MRS. GREENE: Did you know my husband has glasses just like that?
MR. GREENE: Did you know your mother spent $1200 dollars on bansai trees. I felt like Gulliver around that place.
MONICA: Did you ever, uh, like, think about the future?
All: Did not, she did not wink at you... (sees that their sacred couch is occupied by strangers) .
Ross: Okay, umm. Did you ever see, um, Return Of The Jedi?
Rachel: Did you ever do the-the Leia thing?
Ross: Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times? 
Ross: Women tell each other everything. Did you know that?
Rachel: Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
Monica: Michelle! Of course, it was Michelle! Did it sound like Michelle?
Monica: Outgoing! Did that say outgoing?! Not, outgoing!!!
Rachel: Did you tell the doctor you did it jumping up and down on your bed?
Joey: (wipes a little jam from the corner of his mouth) Did I get it?
Joey: Look listen, that TV movie I went in for? Did you hear anything? I think I got a shot at it.
Joey: Oh, I'm sorry. Did I get 'ya?
Monica: Did you make brownies today?
Ross: Okay. (to Rachel) Wow! This is going so well. Did you see us? Did you see?
Monica: Oh my God! He just said my name! Did you hear that?
Monica: Did he just say 'Monica bang'?
Rachel: Did he call? Did Mark call?
Ross: You go get 'em. (to Monica) What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?
Chandler: This teramisu is, is excellent. Did you make it Mary-Angela?
Phoebe: (in a deep voice, imitating Ross) Um, Rachel I'm really sorry. (imitating Rachel) That's okay, do you wanna get back together? (imitating Ross) Yeah, okay. (in her normal voice) Did anyone else hear that?!
Phoebe: Oh no. Did umm, did she say why?
Monica: Oh, she was a cruel, cranky, old bitch! (Ross gives her a look) (to Ross) And I'm sorry she died. Did Dad say I get the dollhouse?
Joanna: Oh God, we just clicked! Y'know how people just click? Like he came by to pick me up, and I opened the door, and it was just like, click! Did he tell you?
Joanna: (entering) Did he call?
Joey: So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Phoebe: All right. Did everyone get out okay?
Monica: Did you just smell my hair?
Joey: Okay. (to Phoebe and Chandler) Did ah, you guys mean you plus one?
Tommy: Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Estelle: How do you do. (to Rachel and Monica) Ooh, you two girls were outstanding! (to Joey) Did they have representation?
Monica: Did you like learn about her family?
Ross: Why? Did you write it?
Monica: (to Phoebe) Oh my God! Did you hear that? She hired me because she thinks I’m good.
Monica: Oh! Did anybody see that-that documentary on the Korean War? (Joey is pissed)
Rick: Ow! Did you just bite me?
Chandler: Wish it! (To the woman, Kathy, he likes) Hi. Hi, I-I was just sitting over there, and uhh, Chandler. My name is Chandler. Did I say that?
Ross: Did homo-erectus hunt with wooden tools? 
Phoebe: Yes. Did you settle the bill? 
Joey: (rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?
Joey: And what?! Did you sleep with her?!
Rachel: Chandler! Patrick just uh, ended things with me. Did you or did you not tell him that I was looking for a serious relationship?
Joey: Did you see the size of the closets?!
Kathy: Hi! (Kisses Chandler) Thank you so much for coming again. Did you like it tonight?
Chandler: Did she call?
Janice: Ohh, well when you said all you were going to be doing between now and the time you leave is packing, you didn’t really leave me much choice. Did you?
Ross: Did you see me? I was pretty good, huh? That is one fun game!
Emily: You’re welcome. (She hugs him tightly and he winces.) I’m sorry. Did I hurt you?
Monica: Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Ross: (coming back in) Did you say something?
Rachel: [to Ross] Yes! Did you see that?
The Stripper: Did anybody call for security?
Phoebe: Did you stop Rachel?
Ross: Oh, so-so you talked to her. Did she, did she sound mad?
Chandler: Did he just say, he loves Fonzie?
Monica: But why?! Did he get in touch with Emily?
Joey: Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
Fat Monica: Hey Chandler! Did you like the macaroni and cheese?
The Doctor: Did you bring the toe?
Ross: (getting upset) Oh-oh really? Did you confuse it with your own turkey sandwich with a Moist Maker?
Phoebe: Did you, did you touch any of the guitars while you were there? Did you?!
(He shifts on the couch and a ripping sound emanates from his lower regions, the sound reminds one of a brief explosion of gas. In other words, it sounds like he farted. She has a look of horrific wonderment, wondering "Did he just fart?")
Chandler: Did they teach you that in your anger management class?
Doug: (entering) Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to defend itself. (Chandler does not laugh.) Did you hear what I said Bing?
Chandler: Okay, give me a second! (Pause) Did you clean up in here?
Monica: You don't know everything. Did you know that I'm going out with Rachel tonight instead of you? Hmm? And did you know that the only baby around here is you?! And did you know that I can't even look at you right now?! (She storms out.)
Katie: Oh, ow! Did Joey tell you to say that? You guys, (Punches Joey) are too much! (Punches Rachel.)
Rachel: Hey! How's it going? Did you make any new friends?
The Saleswoman: Did you cut this couch in half?
Monica: Did I squeeze it too hard?
Joey: Did you tell the guy you wanted to have sex with his wife and then fall right out of your chair?
Joey: Damnit!! Did you move?!
Monica: Did not.
Phoebe: Did you find it?
Joey: Did I say you could smell it?!
Joey: Did you get your money back?
Joey: Did you not hear the plot of the movie? "She's been dead for ten years." I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Phoebe: Ohh, you are so lucky! (To Chandler) Hey! So, where's Monica? Did you guys make up?
Phoebe: (sees Rachel's face) What? Did you go to a costume party? Let me guess umm Pancho Vila? (Points at Rachel) and you're Bob Saget. (An old lady has sat down at the slot machine Phoebe was just at.)
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's hotel room, Rachel is still trying to get the ink off and Ross is on the phone to the company. Wait a minute, why exactly are they sharing a hotel room? Didn't they like break-up or something? Did I miss a memo? Or maybe, it's just foreshadowing things to come. Who knows? Maybe the answer's at the bottom of the page. Then again, maybe it isn't and it's just one of those things TV writers just don't explain. Anyhoo…]
