Ross: (scornful) Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you? 
Monica: I know, he's just so, so... Do you remember you and Tony DeMarco?
Ross: Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now. (He enters.) 
Mr. Geller: (To Ross) Do you remember the Ludwins? The big one had a thing for you, didn't she? 
Ross: D'ya.. uh.. Do you need any help? 
Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'... 
Monica: Do you all promise? 
Monica: (shouts to Chandler) Chandler? Do you promise to be good? 
Phoebe: 'Dear Ms. Buffay. Thank you for calling attention to our error. We have credited your account with five hundred dollars. We're sorry for the inconvenience, and hope you'll accept this- (Searches in her purse) -football phone as our free gift.' Do you believe this?! Now I have a thousand dollars, and a football phone! 
Joey: Do you have any respect for your body? 
Chandler: Joey ate my last stick of gum, so I killed him. Do you think that was wrong? 
Ross: Alright, alright, maybe it'll take my mind off it. Do you promise to buy me a big thumb finger? 
Monica: Do you have a plan? 
Monica: Okay. Okay, I got one. Do you remember that vegetarian pate that I made that you loved so much? 
Ross: Well, that's because you're such a sweet, gentle, uh...Do you, uh, do you...Oh, hey, uh you must need detergent.
Joey: Do you want any help?
Ross: Do you know the word crapweasel?
Shelley: Do you want a date Saturday?
Mrs. Geller: Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
Monica: Do you think things would have been better if you'd just told her the truth?
Chandler: Do you know which one you're gonna be?
Ross: Do you uh, do you talk about me?
Chandler: Do either of you have the keys?
Monica: Do you always have to bring him here?
Phoebe: Do you think they have yesterday's daily news?
Phoebe: Do it!
Phoebe: Do it do it do it!
Ross: Do they wait for me to do this?
Monica: I'm not really here. Just thought I'd drop these off...on the way.. my way... Do you come here a lot? Without me?
Carol: Do you want to know?
Mrs. Tribbiani: Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Rachel: Do what, do what?
Nina: Do you have a sec?
Ursula: What? (Indicating the departing waiter) Do you think he likes me?
Ursula: Oh. No, no, he is so smart. He'll figure it out. (Offering to share her food) Do you want some chicken?
Ross: Do you have a point?
Monica: Do you really want a job with Popular Mechanics?
Monica: Do you want to go to the bathroom, or do you wanna play poker?
Woman No. 1: No. No, haven't seen a monkey. Do you know anything about fixing radiators?
Ross: (leaving) I just have to go, all right? Do I need a reason? Huh? I mean I have things to do with my life, I have a jam packed schedule, and I am late- for keeping up with it. Okay?
Monica: Do you?
Monica: Do I go horseback riding in the park? Do I take classes at the New School?
Joey: Do we have to know about that?
Ross: No no, this big pile of dishes in my mom's breakfront. Do you guys know who Carl is?
Chandler: Alright, you did it! Do we have any fruit?
RACHEL: (poking her head in from her bedroom) Uh, morning. Do you guys think you could close your eyes for just a sec?
PHOEBE: Do I? Thank you, so do you.
CHANDLER: Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
JOEY: Do we need a cake?
RACHEL: Do you guys ever get the feeling that um, Chandler and those guys just don't get that we don't make as much money as they do?
WAITER: Do I dare ask?
RACHEL: What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
MONICA: Do I know you?
CHANDLER: Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
RACHEL: Do you?
CHAN: OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
ROSS: Oh, actually I haven't even been home yet. Do you mind if I check my messages?
MNCA: [getting the wine] Do not start without me. Do not start without me.
MNCA: Do you not see it?
ROSS: That is so good! Do it again!
RACHEL: Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
MONICA: Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?
ROSS: Well then that's it. And if George and Adelaide can't accept that, then the hell with them. Look, if my parents didn't want me to marry you, no way that would have stopped me. Look, this is your wedding. Do it.
JANITOR: The zoo! Do you believe everything the zoo tells ya?
JANITOR: Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
JANITOR: Lipson knows. Do you have any idea who else knows?
ERICA: Oh my God. Do the people at the hospital know about this?
CHANDLER: Do you know me or are you just really good at this game?
CHANDLER: I've met the perfect woman. OK, we're sitting on her couch, we're fooling around, and then suddenly she turns to me and says, 'Do you ever want to do it in an elevator?'
RACHEL: Alright, I feel that this is totally unjustified. [Monica starts making faces behind her back] She gave me the green light, I did nothing but-. Do you think I can't see you in the TV set?
PHOEBE: Do you want a refill?
CHANDLER: I pity the fool who puts on my jewelry, I do, I do. I pity the fool that. . . [turns around and sees Joey] Hi. Hey man, we were just doin' some uhh, impressions over here. Do your Marcel Marceau. [Joey turns around and walks out without saying anything] That's actually good.
PHOEBE: Do the claws again.
CHANDLER: [reaches for the footrest lever] Do we dare?
ROSS: Shh. Do you want cran-apple or cran-grape?
PHOEBE: Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
ESTELLE: Joey, look at me, look at me. Do I have lipstick on my teeth?
MONICA: Do you not remember the puppet guy?
CHANDLER: Do you remember talking to me yesterday?
CHANDLER: Yeah, Ross can't go so it's between my friend Eric Prower who has breath issues and Dan with the poking. [starts poking Monica in the shoulder] 'Did you see that play? Do you want some more beer? Is that Spike Lee?'
JOEY: Do what?
CHANDLER: Do you have to be a Century 21 real-estate agent to get to wear those really cool jackets?
ROSS: Do you say this stuff to girls?
MONICA: Okay, so, uh, we're in France, we're making the toast. Do you see a little bassinet in the corner?
MONICA: Well, I just think the baby would keep falling off the dog. Do you, uh, do you , do you not see kids in our future.
Rachel: Do you still have that, um, Navy uniform?
Ross: Do you remember the scene with, um, Jabba the Hut? Well Jabba had as, as his prisoner, um, Princess Leia. 
Ross: Did you talk about the night of five times? Do you tell people about the night of five times? 
Monica: Do you think breaking up with him was a huge mistake?
Ross: Rachel says sharing's great and supposedly, you know, we outta be doing it. Do you wanna?
Ross: No! Do you wanna hear it?
Rachel: Ooooh! Honey, well we'll find you something. Do you wanna wear my black jacket? 
Phoebe: Oh, thanks a lot. Do you want to get a cup of coffee?
Chandler: Do I look fat?
Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. You looked at her. You never look. You just answer, it's just a reflex. Do I look fat? Nooo! Is she prettier than I am? Noo! Does size matter?
Malcom: Oh, this is log I kept, recording her every movement. Do you wanna here something from it?
Phoebe: What, he's not still following her. Do you think he is still following her?
Chandler: Do we have any... (turns around and bumps Monica's fake chest) Do we have any thoughts here?
Rachel:G.I. Joe? Do you really think he's gonna fall for that?
Chandler: Do I ever.
Monica: Do you wanna come in for some lemonade?
Chandler: Do you have any beers? We're out of beers.
Chandler: Hey! Hold on a minute, hold on a second. Do you think these pearls are nice?
Joey: Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait, whoa. Do you ah, want to get her something speacial, get her flowers, get her candy, get her gum, girls love gum.
Chandler: I'll take it! All right look, I gotta know. Are you finished with me? (Janice shakes her head no) Are you finished with him? (Janice shakes her head no) Do you still love him? (Janice shakes her head yes) Do you still love me? (Janice shakes her head yes) All right look, (grabs the bag) I'm gonna need an actual answer here okay, so which is it, him or me? (his phone starts to ring) 
Joey: They have a kid together, y'know. They're like, they're like a family, and if, I don't know, there's chance they could make that work, I know I wouldn't want to be the guy who stood in the way of that. Are you okay? Do you wanna ah, come poke a nude guy?
Rachel: Do you wanna play football?
Phoebe: Umm, this stuffing is amazing. Do you think we should bring them some?
Gunther: Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?
Rachel: Oh, sure! Do you need me to train somebody new?
Rachel: (looks at Monica) (to him) Do you want my pickle?
Monica: I don't remember. Do you wanna take a walk?
Mark: (reaching through the flowers) Do you have the, the Ralph Lauren file? 
Monica: Why? Do you think he's still mad at us?
Phoebe: (to Monica) Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?
Phoebe: Do I?
Frank: Do you?
Phoebe: Come on, you guys, you have nothing to lose, I have everything to lose. Do you want me to lose everything? Everything?!
Chandler: Y'know, I forgot the combination to this about a year ago? I just carry it around. Do you have any Chap Stick?
Lauren: (laughing) Oh, you're so funny. Listen, umm, what are you doing after rehearsals? Do you want to get a drink, or something?
Joey: Do you want me to want you to care?
Kate: Do you?
Joey: Do you think we'll get our three bucks back?
Chandler: (rushing in) Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Guru Saj: Hmm, let me see. Let me see. Do you think you could get him to eat a bat?
Chandler: (wails loudly into his hands) Joey kept screaming at me, “Do it now! Do it!! Do it! Do it now!!” Sometimes late at night I can still here the screaming.
Chandler: (nods his head) Do you mind if we stick you in another cabinet? (to Joey) They seem all right with it!
Rachel: Do we have to tell her?
Monica: Thanks, I’m set. Do you still live with your parents?
Phoebe: Okay, then you don’t know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I’m wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
The Salesman: Do you ah, currently own a set of encyclopedias? 
The Salesman: Actually, I’m not buying. I’m selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you’re not really sure what they’re talking about?
Rachel: Okay, swear you won’t tell, but when Mark left he gave me a key to Joanna’s office. Do you wanna see the list?
Phoebe: Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... (Monica looks almost puzzled) ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not? 
Rachel: And you know which one we should see? The 1996 Tony award winner. Do you happen to know the name of that one? 
Chandler: Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I’ll stop seeing her?
Monica: Oh! Do you need me to go with you?
Rachel: Do you want me to quit?
Phoebe: Hey! You guys, I’m writing a holiday song for everyone. Do you want to hear it?
Phoebe: All good, thanks. (to Rachel) Do you maybe have a nickname have like a nickname that’s easier to rhyme?
The Waiter: Hey! He has a name, it’s Dragon. Do you wanna know your name? Check your hat. (to another waiter) We did the hat right? (The other waiter nods yes.)
Monica: You guys! Do you realize that any minute now, Phoebe can be pregnant?
Rachel: Why? Do you have the answers written on there?
Charlton Heston: I don’t know one actor worth his salt that didn’t say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!
Devon: Do you realise that we have not seen each other since the night of that U2 concert?
Janice: What’s the matter? Is something wrong? Do you have to stay?
Janice: Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I’ll wait for you. Do you even know how long you’re going to be gone?
Chandler: Do we pay for this?
Monica: Do you love her?
Monica: You sat back and let him have her, you didn’t fight at all. Am I right? Do you want the same thing to happen with Emily?
Chandler: Hey! Do we have a baby name yet?
Rachel: HEY!! Do you have to do that? It’s Saturday!
Rachel: Do you guys want these?
Joshua: Do I?
Chloe: Do I know why we’re rushing?
Joey: Do you guys have like a big bowl I can borrow?
Joey: Come on! Do something!
Ross: Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister’s teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? (He puts his pants on backwards.) This isn’t right.
Rachel: Do you remember where the duck food is?
Rachel: Ohh—Do you think he will?!
Monica: (Comes up for below the covers and looks concerned.) Do you think he knew I was here? (Chandler quickly looks at Monica not knowing what to say.)
Rachel: (To the woman sitting in front of her) He-he said Rachel, right? Do you think I should go up there?
Joey: Felicity and I, we’re watching My Giant, and I was thinking, "I’m never gonna be as good an actor as that giant." Do you think I’m just wasting my life with this acting thing?
Monica: What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Monica: Do you know anything about women?
Phoebe: I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Chandler: I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Monica: Can we turn the TV off? Okay? Do we really want to spend the entire weekend like this?
Chandler: Do not speak ill of the dead.
Rachel: (To Joey) Do you even know who Kip is?
Phoebe: We're so stupid! Do you know what's going on in there? They're trying to take Joey!
Ross: Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do! (He storms out.)
Danny: Do you?
Ross: Do you perhaps seeing a note on top of it?
Monica: Do you want to go out on a date with her?
Chandler: Do you even remember which part of the wall is not spackle?
Chandler: Do you want us to leave the room, or?
Phoebe: Do you want me to teach you? I'm a great teacher.
Phoebe: Give me your hands. (He does and she smells his left hand.) Strings. Gimme it! (He gives her his right hand and she smells it as well.) Pick. Do you want to learn to play guitar?
Joey: Do you know something?
Rachel: Do you know something?
Joey: Fine! Do you take Vasa or Mustercard? (He's holding the fake credit cards that come with the bag.)
Joey: I don't wanna give up the bag. I don't have to give up the bag! Do I Rach? (She's avoiding his eyes.) Oh, you think I should give up the bag!
Monica: Do you umm, you really think the best reason to get married is because you're sorry?
Monica: Honey! Do you know that none of that stuff came from me?! I mean I never said I wanted to have babies and get married right now!
Kim: (at the door) Rachel? Do you smoke?
Joey: Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn’t get it?
Phoebe: Okay, we have like ten minutes. Do you want me to get into that now?!
Ross: Do you like it?
Chandler: Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? (Holds up 3 of them in different colors.)
Joey: Do you believe in ghosts, yes or no?
Monica: Joey, what's it like on a movie set, huh? Do you have a dressing room? Do you have a chair with your name on it?
Chandler: Do we have to?
Ross: Do you want me too?
Rachel: Yes, I'm sorry. Do you have any extra pants? Umm, my friend seems to have had a little accident.
Phoebe: Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Joey's Hand Twin: Do I know you?
