Ross: No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know,  how should I know?
Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (to the waitress that brought her coffee) Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
(The scene on TV has changed to show two women, one is holding her hair.)
Paul: I know, I know, I'm such an idiot. I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week. I mean, how clean can teeth get?
Monica: My brother's going through that right now, he's such a mess. How did you get through it?
Monica: I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
Ross: (scornful) Grab a spoon. Do you know how long it's been since I've grabbed a spoon? Do the words 'Billy, don't be a hero' mean anything to you? 
Monica: Yeah, we all have jobs. See, that's how we buy stuff.
Joey: You should both know, that he's a dead man.  Oh, Chandler? (Starts after Chandler.) Monica: So how you doing today? Did you sleep okay? Talk to Barry? I can't stop smiling.
Monica: Hey Frannie, welcome back! How was Florida? 
Monica: How do you do that?
Chandler: Oh, how well you know me... 
Phoebe: You're welcome. I remember when I first came to this city. I was fourteen. My mom had just killed herself and my step-dad was back in prison, and I got here, and I didn't know anybody. And I ended up living with this albino guy who was, like, cleaning windshields outside port authority, and then he killed himself, and then I found aromatherapy. So believe me, I know exactly how you feel. 
Rachel: No.  No, no, I'm not ready!  How can I be ready?  "Hey, Rach!  You ready to jump out the airplane without your parachute?"  Come on, I can't do this!
Chandler: The problem is, though, after the concert's over, no matter how great the show was, you girls are always looking for the comedian again, y'know? I mean, we're in the car, we're fighting traffic... basically just trying to stay awake. 
Ross: Okay, okay, yes, it is. (waves) How about I'll, uh, catch up with you in the Ice Age. 
Chandler: Yes, and we all know how cruel a parent can be about the flatness of a child's pillow. 
Rachel: Oh, but look how straight those noodles are! 
Chandler: Now, Monica, you know that's not how you look for an engagement ring in a lasagne... 
Rachel: Well now, how-how do you fit into this whole thing? 
Ross: ...How long was I in there? 
Ross: How could I forget? 
Barry: So, how ya doin? 
[Scene: Carol's OB/GYN, they're talking about how this is going to work.] 
Ross: Well, uh, uh, I don't know, okay, okay, how about with the, uh, with the baby's name? 
Ross: Still, you- you say Minnie, you hear Mouse. Um, how about, um.. how about Julia? 
Dr. Oberman: (entering) Knock knock!How are we today? Any nausea? 
Chandler: "So how does it feel knowing you're about to die?" 
Monica: Look, I don't even know how I feel about him yet. Just give me a chance to figure that out. 
Monica: (to all) Okay, please be good, please. Just remember how much you all like me. 
Monica: Hi.. how was the game? 
Monica: Fantastic! I have one question: How is that possible? 
Paula: Honey.. you should always feel the thing. Listen, if that's how you feel about the guy, Monica, dump him! 
Chandler: Ooh, Lambchop. How old is that sock? If I had a sock on my hand for thirty years it'd be talking too. 
Monica: How does she do that? 
Phoebe: My grandmother has this new boyfriend, and they're both kind of insecure in bed. Oh, and deaf. So they're constantly, like, having to reassure each other that they're having a good time. You have no idea how loud they are! 
Kiki: And while we're on the subject of news.. (She holds up here finger to show off her engagement ring and they all scream again.) 
Monica: Hey, Rach. How was it with your friends? (She and Phoebe scream.) Okay! How would you like some Tiki Death Punch? (She pours the contents of the blender into some glasses.) 
Joey: Well, how long do you think it'll be? 
Rachel: How long? 
Ross: 'Yes', how about. C'mere. Gimme! 
Joey: Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
(Chandler sees Phoebe breaking up with Tony. She talks to him for a few seconds, hugs him, and then he leaves. Chandler is amazed how easy it was for her.)
Monica: How, how did that happen?
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is coaching Chandler on how to break up with Janice.]
Rachel: Come on, show me.
Monica: Something went wrong with Underdog, and they couldn't get his head to inflate. So anyway, um, his head is like flopping down Broadway, right, and I'm just thinking... how inappropriate this is. Um, I've got something in my eye, uh, Joey, could we check it in the light, please? 
Phoebe: Oh my god. (Chandler downs another espresso.) How many of those have you had?
Chandler: How do you do that?
Chandler: Well, I can't believe I've been here almost seven seconds and you haven't asked me how my date went.
Monica: Oh, right, right. How was your date, 'Chand-lrr'?
Chandler: So tell me, how do- how do you think your husband would feel about you sitting here with me?...Sliding your foot so far up my pant leg you can count the change in my pocket?
Monica: Didn't you listen to the story? I mean, this is twisted! How could you get involved with a woman like this?
Monica: How-how did that happen?
Chandler: Oh no, it's terrific, it's... it's... y'know, you deserve this, after all your years of struggling, you've finally been able to crack your way into show business.
Chandler: No, actually I meant my fingers. Look at 'em, look at how happy they are.
[Scene: ATM vestibule, Chandler and Jill are sitting below the counter with two pens dangling from their chains in front of them. Jill is showing Chandler how to swing the pen around his head.]
Monica: How-how are you, Mom?
Ross: Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.
Ross: Y'know how-how the nurse said that-that Nana had passed? Well, she's not, quite..
Ross: Okay. Um, how about these? (Holds out a pair)
Ross: (forages around) Okay, I have nothing in an evening shoe in the burgundy. I can show you something in a silver that may work.
Ross: (entering) How we doing, you guys ready?
Phoebe: Hey, look who's up! How do you feel?
Monica: How she drove you crazy, picking on every little detail, like your hair... for example.
Rachel: Wow, Monica, you look just like your grandmother. How old was she there?
Lowell: It's like Mardi Gras without the paper mache heads. How 'bout you?
Ross: (to Monica) Well, you were right. How can they do this to us, huh? It's Thanksgiving. 
Monica: Ok, I'll tell you what. How about I cook dinner at my place? I'll make it just like Mom's.
Phoebe: Oh, I believe it. I think the baby can totally hear everything. I can show you. Look, this will seem a little weird, but you put your head inside this turkey, and then we'll all talk, and you'll hear everything we say.
Phoebe: No, we were just laughing. You know, how laughter can be infectious.
Chandler: Come on. An 80-foot inflatable dog let loose over the city. How often does that happen?
Ross: How could you not get it? You were Santa last year.
How was I supposed to know
Ross: 'That thing'? This is how you greet guests at a party? Let me ask you something, if I showed up here with my new girlfriend, she wouldn't be welcome in your home?
Rachel: No. Okay. I was at the airport, getting into a cab, when this woman- this blonde planet with a pocketbook- starts yelling at me. Something about how it was her cab first. And then the next thing I know she just starts- starts pulling me out by my hair! So I'm blowing my attack whistle thingy and three more cabs show up, and as I'm going to get into a cab she tackles me. And I hit my head on the kerb and cut my lip on my whistle...oh...everybody having fun at the party? (To Monica) Are people eating my dip?
Phoebe: Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say (Hits him) 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Chandler: Ooh. Uh, I don't know how to tell you this, but she's in Monica's bedroom, getting it on with Max, that scientist geek. Ooh, look at that, I did know how to tell you.
Jay Leno: (on TV) Alright, so now you're doing this whole book tour thing, how is that going?
Phoebe: Ooh! How about Agamemnon?
Mrs. Bing: No. Because I know how to write men that women fall in love with. Believe me, I cannot sell a Paolo. People will not turn three hundred twenty-five pages for a Paolo. C'mon, the guy's a secondary character, a, y'know, complication you eventually kill off.
Joey: Ross, how could you let this happen?
Joey: How about 'cause if you don't, his mother might.
Monica: How would I know? I-I wasn't here.
Ross: Yeah, um, I don't know if you noticed, but he had a lot to drink, and you know how he gets when he's drun..uh... (He has caught sight of Joey scowling at him) I can't do this, I did it, it was me, I'm sorry, I kissed your mom.
Ross: No! Okay, you mean, you're not gonna talk to her, you're not gonna tell her how you feel?
Phoebe: Look at you! How, how do you feel?
Mrs. Bing: Really stupid. And I don't even know how it happened. I'm sorry, honey, I promise it will never happen again. Are we okay now?
Joey: (in baby-like voice) How come you don't live with Mommy? (pause; shows Ross less than amused) How come Mommy lives with that other lady? (pause; Ross still looks less than amused; Joey smiling) What's a lesbian? (playfully hits Ross)
Joey: Ok, ok, How about if we split it?
Ross: Wha, heh, how could you know, I don't even know!
Joey: Will you pick one, just pick one! Here, how about that one? (points to a table)
Joey: All right, how about the ladybugs?
Monica: So how does this work, you going to balance the plates on these little guys' heads?
Rachel: (voice wavers) Oh, but he was my pig man...how did I not see this?
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Phoebe is telling everyone how it went across the hall as the foosball game continues.]
Monica: Don't stare. Now she just finished throwing his clothes off the balcony, now there's just a lot of gesturing and arm-waving, (shows Rachel gesturing with hands in front of her chest), Ok, that is either, "How could you?" or, "Enormous breasts!" Here he comes! 
Chandler: Uhhuh, how did you know that?
Monica: Hey, how long are you in the city?
Joey: Sure. So how long you been... (Goes back to chopping)
Mr. Tribbiani: Remember when you were a little kid, I used to take you to the navy yard and show you the big ships?
Ross: Alright, alright. We're all adults here, there's only one way to resolve this. Since you saw her boobies, I think, uh, you're gonna have to show her your peepee.
Joey: That's right, mister, and I don't care how old you are, as long as you're under my roof you're gonna live by my rules. And that means no sleeping with your girlfriend.
Chandler: C'mon, I'll show you to my room. ...That sounds so weird when it's not followed by "No thanks, it's late." 
Joey: I've been thinking. Y'know, about how I'm always seeing girls on top of girls...
Joey: Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Rachel: Hey, listen, Ronni, how long would you say Chandler's been in the shower?
Joey: So then how could you I mean, how could you?!
Mrs. Tribbiani: Do you remember how your father used to be? Always yelling, always yelling nothing made him happy, nothing made him happy, not that wood shop, not those stupid little ships in the bottle, nothing. Now he's happy! I mean, it's nice, he has a hobby.
Joey: Actually, tomorrow night kinda depends on how tonight goes.
[Scene: A Restaurant, Joey and Chandler are there, waiting for their dates to show up.]
Joey: (Looking at himself in the reflection on a knife) How do I look?
Rachel: How did we end up with these jerks? We're good people!
Chandler: Excuse me. (gets up, jumps up and down while he zips his zipper up... other patrons look at him) How ya doin'?
Janice: Hi, Ross. Yes, it's me. How did you know? (she laughs obnoxiously) 
Chandler: How can I dump this woman on Valentine's day?
Monica: You know, it's a really funny story how this happened.
Ross: You did so. I swear, I swear—(noticing Kristin's absence) How long has she been in the bathroom?
Ross: No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
Joey: How about Tony's? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it's free.
Phoebe: That's so great! 'Cause you already know how to do that!
Joey: (sarcastic) Whoaa!! You cuddled? How many times??
Joey: (to Ross) So, er... how did it go with Celia?
Phoebe: Sorry. How about over here? (presses down hard again)
Joey: No, no... how come you are working here?
Ross: You know how close women can get.
Ross: (looking at the remote) How did he do this?
Rachel: Well, someone was supposed to write "Rach, take down the lights" and put it on the re... frigerate... (finally noticing Monica’s note stuck to the refrigerator) How long has that been there?
[Scene: Lamaze class. Susan is there. Each couple has a doll, for they have just finished learning how to change a diaper. As Ross rushes in, stepping on the Rostins’ pretend baby, squashing its head flat. It bleats, in protest. He performs emergency surgery, then hands the doll back to J.C.]
Fran: Look, you’re cold, I have to pee, and... (indicating the sign) ..there’s a cup of coffee on the window. How bad could it be?
Rachel: Oh, well, that shouldn’t be so hard, now that you’re dating. (Imitating men at their worst) "Sweetheart, you’re fired, but how ’bout a quickie before I go to work?"
Ross: Aw, how can you say that? I can’t even get Marcel to stop eating the bath mat. How am I gonna raise a kid?
Monica: Okay, I think I get how to do this.
Ross: No, come on, he doesn’t know this stuff. If he knew how you felt.
Rachel: Why, how much is this gonna cost?
(Joey gestures to show that he wouldn't dare...)
Mr. Geller: 'Cause there's time to make up for that. We can do stuff together. You always wanted to go to that Colonial Williamsburg. How 'bout we do that?
Dr. Mitchell: Look at this, it's from the cellars of Ernest and Tova Borgnine, so how could we resist?
Dr. Rosen: This is a great place. How long have you lived here?
(Rachel lets her anger show too. Hideously embarrassed, the doctors drain their glasses in the vicious pause which follows. The telephone rings, but the girls just glower at each other, silently daring the other to move first. Finally both guys jump up, and Michael wins.)
(Ursula is genuinely pleased that her sister has visited her, after so many years. Phoebe hesitates over how best to begin.)
Ross: (Quietly) hey, fella! How you doing?
Rachel: Hi! How are you?
Rachel: Well, now, how come you guys have never played poker with us?
Joey: Yeah, we just don't happen to know any women that know how to play poker.
Ross: Excuse me, do any of you know how to play?
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the guys are teaching the girls how to play poker.]
Chandler: OK Phoebs, how many do you want?
Phoebe: About how good your cards were.
Ross: Come on, show them to me. (reaches for her cards, Rachel covers them up)
Ross: Show them to me!
Ross: Let me see! Show them!
Rachel: Barbara! Hi, how are you? (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) No, I understand. Yeah. Oh, oh, come on, no, I'm fine. Don't be silly. Yeah... oh, but you know, if-if anything else opens up, plea—Hello? Hello? (hangs up phone, very depressed)
Rachel: How many you want?
Ross: Oh, well, when you don't have the cards, you don't have the cards, you know. (looks at Rachel) But, uh... look how happy she is. (smiles)
Rachel: Hi, how was the movie?
Joey: How could you lose him?
Ross: Hey. How did, uh, how'd it go today?
Ross: Uh, okay, yeah, we could do that, but before we head off to the murder capital of the North-East, I was, uh, kinda wanting to run something by you. Y'know how we were, uh, y'know, talking before about, uh, relationships and stuff? (Uncorks the wine) Well-
Monica: Pheebs, you remember how we talked about saying things quietly to yourself first?
Joey: We can't, alright? (To the women) We're sorry. You have no idea how sorry, but... We promised we'd find this monkey. If you see him, he's about yea high and answers to the name Marcel, so if we could get some pictures of you, you'd really be helping us out.
Rachel: Alright. Well then how about I call your supervisor, and I tell her that you shot my friend in the ass with a dart?
Ross: Alright. (He goes to get the glasses. Then he hesitates and turns off the main light. Rachel looks round and he acts surprised) The, uh, the neighbours must be vacuuming. (He sits down and starts to pour the wine) Well, so long as we're here and, uh, not on the subject, I was thinking about, uh, how mad we got at each other before, and, um, I was thinking maybe it was partially because of how we, um...
Phoebe: How can people do that?... (All but Phoebe walk away from the window in disgust.) Oh, you guys, look! Ugly Naked Guy got gravity boots!
Chandler: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right?
Chandler: (bluffing) And basically, that's how a bill becomes a law.
Monica: Okay, how about the fact that he's engaged to another woman, who just happens to be your ex-best friend?
Phoebe: How many beeps?
Monica: (wandering in after her) Uh, Rach... how come you have dental floss in your hair?
Rachel: (on phone) Hello?(Listens) Mindy! Hi! Hey, how are you? (Listens) Yes, yes, I've heard, congratulations, that is so great. (Listens) Really? (Listens) Oh. (Listens) Okay. Okay, well I'm working tomorrow, but if you want you can, you can, you can come by and... (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Great... (Listens) Great... (Listens) All right, so I'll, so I'll see you tomorrow! (Listens) Okay.. (Listens) Okay... (Listens) Bye. (Hangs up and sits down heavily.) Oh God. Oh God. Oh God.
Rachel: Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Rachel: Okay. Okay, we'll be here! Hating you! Did you see how he was sweating when he walked out of there? Listen honey, if I'm hogging the ball too much you just jump right in there and take a couple punches because I'm telling you, this feels great.
Chandler: Well, she seems very nice and everything, but that whole thing about her coming all the way down here, just to see if I was okay? I mean,... how needy is that?
Joey: How could someone get a hold of your credit card number?
Monica: I have no idea. But look how much they spent!
Chandler: How about Joey... Pepponi?
(The girls are unsure how to pair off. Phoebe settles it)
Chandler: I don't get it, I mean, you just got him. How can he be an adult already?
Joey: How do you get a monkey into a zoo?
Ross: Marcel! Marcel! Marcel, no! Good boy. See, how can nobody want him?
Dr. Baldhara: Uh, how is he at handling small objects?
Dr. Baldhara: How about a hammer, or a small blade?
Monica: How are you?
Fake Monica: I'm not too bad. Fortunately, blue's my colour. How-how did you know I was here?
Joey: How young is young Ethan? Young?
Chandler: Whoa! And this manchild has no problem with how old you are?
Joey: Hey, hey. How was the first day?
Monica: How was that possible?
Monica: But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
Monica: Ethan, focus. How could you not tell me?
Young Ethan: Well, you never told me how old you were.
Dr. Franzblau: So, I understand you're thinking of having a baby? Well, I see you're nine months pregnant. That's a good start. How you doing with your contractions?
Monica: No fair. I don't even have one. How come they get two?
Susan: How, how is this my fault?
Lydia: So how did you know I was even here?
Ross: Let me see, I gotta see, I gotta see. Oh, a head. Oh, it's, it's huge. Carol, how are you doing this?
Ross: (thinking) How 'bout Ben?
Carol: Ben. Ben. Ben's good. How come you never mentioned Ben before?
Phoebe: So how are things going with you two? Is she becoming your (provocatively) special someone?
Phoebe: How long did you think this barbecue was gonna last?
Ross: (to Monica): Could you take it to Carol's every now and then, and show it to Ben, just so he doesn't forget me?
Joey: Oh no! How can she do that when she's never shown any interest in you?!?
Monica: (gets up) OK, how does everybody like their burgers?
Monica: Hey, hold on there, tiger. How's it going? How you holding up?
[Scene: Airport, Ross has headphones on, and is listening to a 'How To Speak Chinese' tape. Occasionally, he makes an outburst in Chinese in accordance with the tape. He is getting on the jetway. The flight attendant is there.]
Joey: How do you mean?
Joey: Oh, it was amazing. You know how you always think you're great in bed?
Chandler: The fact that you'd even ask that question shows how little you know me.
RACHEL: Oh, there you are! Hi! Oh, so, so, how was China, you? (Hits him with the flowers.)
MONICA: This is amazing. I mean, how, how did this happen?
RACHEL: How is that the silver lining?
RACHEL: Ok, ok, ok. How did this happen to me? How did this happen to me? A week ago, two weeks ago, I was fine. Ross was just Ross, just this guy. Now he's Rrrooossss, oh, this really great guy that I can't have.
MONICA: Rachel, how did this happen?
PHOEBE: Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
MONICA: How who wears it?
FRANKIE: How long do you want the cuffs?
RACHEL: How is she?
JOEY: You gotta tell Ross how you feel.
RACHEL: Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
JOEY: That's how they do pants! First they go up one side, they move it over, they go up the other side, they move it back, and then they do the rear. What? Ross, Ross, would you tell him? Isn't that how they measure pants?
ROSS: Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that. You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
JOEY: I swear to god, Dad. That's not how they measure pants.
CHANDLER: So, uh, how often can you do it?
JOEY: Well, he's gonna. I'll see you a little later, ok? Hey, how ya doin'?
PHOEBE: Duh, I think I know how to heat breast milk. Ok.
RACHEL: Oh, no problem. You can borrow it, by the way. Here are your keys, hon. Mon, if uh you were at lunch alone, how come it cost you uh 53 dollars?
CAROL: How did we do?
CHANDLER: You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
RACHEL: Um, ok, uh, oh god, um, when you and uh Ross first started going out, it was really hard for me, um, for many reasons, which I'm not gonna bore you with now, but um, I just, I see how happy he is, you know, and how good you guys are together, and um, Monica's always saying how nice you are, and god I hate it when she's right.
MONICA: So how was Joan?
MONICA: How many perfectly fine women are you gonna reject over the most superficial insignificant things?
RACHEL: How did this happen?
MONICA: I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
ROSS: How can you not believe in evolution?
ROSS: Pheebs, I have studied evolution my entire adult life. Ok, I can tell you, we have collected fossils from all over the world that actually show the evolution of different species, ok? You can literally see them evolving through time.
ROSS: Ok, Pheebs. See how I'm making these little toys move? Opposable thumbs. Without evolution, how do you explain opposable thumbs?
CHANDLER: How do you know that? How?
JOEY: Geez, look how fat she got.
PHOEBE: You just abandoned your whole belief system. I mean, before, I didn't agree with you, but at least I respected you. How, how, how are you going to go into work tomorrow? How, how are you going to face the other science guys? How, how are you going to face yourself? Oh! That was fun. So who's hungry?
PHOEBE: Chandler, you called Janice! That's how much you wanted to be with someone!
ALISON: Oh, my major was totally useless. I mean, how often do you look in the classifieds and see "Philosopher wanted"?
STRANGER: Hey, how, how did you do that?
JOEY: This is unbelievable Phoebs, how can you be married?
MONICA: I can't believe you married Duncan. I mean how could you not tell me? We lived together, we told each other everything.
PHOEBE: Oh, I don't know. Umm, how about the fact that the underwear out there on the telephone pole is yours from when you were having sex with Fun Bobby out on the terrace.
ALL: Yeah, show it. Show it. The nubbin, the nubbin, the nubbin.
RACHEL: Oh yeah, I don't care how much she tells you she wants it, I don't care if begs, she pleads, she tells you she, she's gonna have sex with, with another man. That just means it's working.
PHOEBE: Ohh. . .K. How come?
DUNCAN: Oh God, I don't know how to tell you this. I'm straight.
PHOEBE: I, I don't, I don't understand, how can you be straight? I mean, you're, you're so smart and funny and you throw such great Academy Award parties.
PHOEBE: So how long have you known?
RACHEL: Uh, OK, I mean uh, what, how are you gonna handle it. I mean, are, are ya gonna, are ya gonna talk about it before hand, are you just gonna pounce?
CHANDLER: Spanish midgets. Spanish midgets wrestling. Julie. Ok, yes, I see how you got there. (phone rings)
JADE: Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?
CHANDLER: Um, absolutely. Uh, how 'bout tomorrow afternoon? Do you know uh, Central Perk in the Village, say, five-ish?
CHANDLER: I'm hoping that when Bob doesn't show up, she will seek comfort in the open arms of the wry stranger at the next table.
PHOEBE: Can you believe how much this is gonna cost?
JOEY: Yeah, someplace nice. (to Phoebe and Rachel) How much do you think I can get for my kidney? (at Central Perk)
JADE: How did you--?
CHANDLER: Hey, sorry I'm late. Congratulations, Mon. (to Ross) I'm not sorry I'm late. How incredible was my afternoon with Jade?
CHANDLER: Yes, how 'bout a verse of Killing Me Softly. You're gonna sneeze on my fish, aren't you?
ROSS: Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
CHANDLER: So um, how come you guys haven't talked about this before?
CHANDLER: If you guys feel this big, maybe that's not our fault. Maybe that's just how you feel.
JOEY: Oh, now you're tellin' us how you feel.
JADE: Hey, Bob, it's Jade. Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I was really hurt when you didn't show up the other day, and just so you know, I ended up meeting a guy.
CHANDLER: So, uh, how was he?
STEVE: How are you? Look, you guys wanna meet the group? Come on. So, are you one of the ones who fooled around with my dad?
ROSS: Oh, thank you, thanks. So uh, how was your night last night?
RACHEL: Oh, well, it pretty much sucked. How was yours?
CHANDLER: Monica, will you stop? This is nuts. Do you know how long it's gonna be before you actually have to deal with this problem? I mean, you don't even have a boyfriend yet. Joey, she does not look fat.
PHOEBE: Oh! Oh my god. This is so exciting. How much am I gonna get?
PHOEBE: Right. My name was on there, but now it just says "carrot cake". So, um, so um, how many chords do you know?
PHOEBE: Ok, do you know how to go from D to A minor?
ROSS: I'm gonna get a new band-aid. Hey, how 'bout the time I cut the legs off your Malibu Ken?
ROSS: Ohhh. Big boy, riding the bus--Hey, I have a question. How come it says Property of Human Services on his butt?
RACH: So, how was the party?
CHAN: One. . . two. . . two and a half. OK, just show me one of them.
RACH: Yeah, but how much can you tell from a look?
RACH: [distracted] How long do cats live?
RACH: Cats, how long do they live figuring you don't... y'know, throw 'em under a bus or something?
RACH: Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
ROSS: Oh. And how was the date? 
PHOE: How come you're watching a rabbi play electric guitar?
JOEY: So, so how did it happen?
PHOE: He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
RACH: I didn't know then. And how come you never said anything to me.
CHAN: Nothing, except tell you, uh, I think it's wonderful how much energy you have.
CHAN: I mean, especially considering how tough it's been for you to find work.
ROSS: How are you?
RACH: Good. How are you?
ROSS: Hi, Julie. [nervous] Hi, Julie. Julie, um, how are you?
MNCA: [disgusted, trying not to show it] I love how it crumbles. Now see, your chocolate doesn't do that.
MNCA: How about Mockolate mousse?
MNCA: Ok, how about pilgrim Mockolate mousse?
ROSS: Ok, just, just remember how crazy I am about you, ok?
ROSS: [reading his list] Ok, ok, number one: The way you cry at game shows. Number two: how much you love your friends. Number three: the way you play with your hair when you're nervous. Number four: how brave you are for starting your life over. Number five: how great you are with Ben. 
MNCA: Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?
ROSS: Rach, come on, look, I know how you must feel.
RACH: [near tears] No, you don't, Ross. Imagine the worst things you think about yourself. Now, how would you feel if the one person that you trusted the most in the world not only thinks them too, but actually uses them as reasons not to be with you.
JOEY: [quietly] I never know how long you're supposed to wait in this type of a situation before you can talk again, you know? [Ross stares blankly at him] Maybe a little longer.
JOEY: Hey, how much did you guys tip the super this year?
ROSS: How 'bout from now on we just call it the 'unfortunate incident'? [Rachel walks off] Hey Gunther, you got stairs in your place?
JOEY: C'mon show us what you bought. . . You know you want to.
PHOEBE: No it isn't, this is my dad, alright, I'll show you.
RACHEL: How have you never been on Oprah?
GRANDMOTHER: [nervously] Oh. Oh, sure, sure, uh, uh, how come?
MONICA: How do you know exactly what she's going through?
ROSS: Hey, Rach, you know what? I think, I think I know what'll make you feel better. How 'bout you make a list about me.
ROSS: [sitting at table talking to a girl] It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
ROSS: Alright, alright, you know how you say I never seize the day? Well, alright, even though he's your super, I'm seizing. [approaches Mr. Treeger] Mr. Treeger, here is 50 bucks, merry Christmas.
JOEY: How far'd ya get?
RACH: OK, so that's... that's what, two bottles? And yet somehow we went through five?
PHOE: Yeah. Oh, OOOH, yeah, you know, did you notice how he always starts his stories with, um, OK, 'I was soooo wasted,' or, 'Oh, we were soooo bombed,' or, ummm, ooh, ooh, 'So I wake up, and I'm in this dumpster in Connecticut.'
MNCA: Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
CHAN: Guess who's back in show business.
ESTL: Well, there's my favorite client. So tell me darling, how was the audition?
ESTL: Oh, I see. Well, I'm just gonna put in a call here and we'll find out what's goin' on and straighten it out. [picks up the phone] Yeah, hi, Lori please. [pause] Hi darling. So how 'bout Joey Tribbiani for the part of the cab driver, isn't he terrific? [pause] Uh-huuuuh. [pause] Uh-huuuuh. OK, doll. Talk to you later. [hangs up] [to Joey] Yeah, you're gonna have to sleep with her.
CHAN: [not knowing how to react] Oh my... God?
JOEY: Well, I guess I could sleep with her... I mean, how could I do that?
PHOE: Hey, Julie! Hey, how are you doing?
CAROL: So how did everything go?
JOEY: It really hit me last night. I'm gonna be on Days of our Lives. And then I started thinkin' about all of u, and how these are the days of our lives..
JOEY: Yeah, and she's really nice too. She taught me all about how to work the cameras, and smell-the-fart acting.
JOEY: Uh, Pheebs, how long do you think this lady'll be with us?
RACHEL: No! They didn't even talk to each other. God, how was I supposed to know they were having problems?
PHOEBE: I don't know how to say this, but I think when your wife's spirit left her body, it um, kind of stuck around in me.
PHOEBE: Monica, how did this happen? I thought you had this all planned out.
CHANDLER: Hey! How come I'm stuck dicing, when he gets to ball the melon.
CHANDLER: Well now you understand how I feel every single day, ok? The world is my lesbian wedding.
WOMAN: You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
SUSAN: How you doin'?
[Camera pans back from the TV to show the gang watching.]
CHANDLER: That's how radio stars escape stalkers.
JOEY: Uhh, this is it, this is how we're gonna die. Ready?
LIPSON: Yes, and come see the bird show at 4. The macaws wear hats. Well it's a lot cuter if your monkey hasn't just died.
ROB: How did you know there was a but?
JANITOR: Of course they're gonna say he's dead. They don't want the bad publicity. It's all a great big cover-up. Do you have any idea how high up this thing goes?
[Scene: Library. Ross show up with a MonkeyShine Beer poster.]
And that's how we get hamburgers.Nooowww, chickens!
RACHEL: Well how can that be, you were just kissing Sabrina?
ERICA: How did you get here so fast, I just saw you in Salem?
ERICA: How, how can you be here and there.
PHOEBE: I can't believe it. Did you tell your board about how kids want to hear the truth?
RACHEL: Now just how big of a star is Marcel?
PHOEBE: OK. Um, how come I'm walking with you?
SUSIE: Um, so listen, how many times am I gonna have to touch you on the arm before you ask me on a date.
CHANDLER: Well then, how do you know when vegetables are done?
CHANDLER: Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
SUSIE: How you doin there squirmy?
SUSIE: How come all I can think about is putting that ice in my mouth and licking you all over?
CHANDLER: That was in the fourth grade. How could you still be upset about that?
CHANDLER: How can you not be wearing any underwear?
CHANDLER: How long you been waitin' to say that?
ROSS: Y-ello. No, Rachel's not here right now, can I take a message? Alright, and how do we spell Casey, is it like at the bat or and the Sunshine Band? OK, bye-bye. Hey, who's this uh, this Casey?
ROSS: Wha, OK, now how do you know that?
ROSS: Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
ROSS: [Rachel, laughing, puts a hand on the guy's shoulder] Look at that, look at that, see how she's pushing him away and he won't budge. Alright, I'm gonna do something. [walks up in the middle of their conversation] Excuse me, are you Rachel?
CHANDLER: Hey man, look it's my best bud. How ya doin? [Joey doesn't respond] Wow, you are really gettin' good at that Marcel Marceau thing. Hey, whaddya say uh, we play some ball, you and me, huh, whaddya say? [Throws a basketball to Joey. Joey doesn't move to catch it and the ball takes out a lamp] OK, that's my bad.
CHANDLER: Well, doesn't the fact that I wore the bracelet even though I hated it say something about our friendship and how much it means to me?
JOEY: How come you have two?
CHANDLER: No, I can't. No no, listen, I, I know how much this means to you and I also know that this is about more than just jewelry, [puts bracelet on Joey] it's about you and me and the fact that we're [reading bracelet] best buds.
MR, GELLER: Wait, how do you zoom out? [zooms out and we see an extremely overweight Monica eating a big sandwich] There she is.
CHANDLER: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
MR. GELLER: Let's show 'em.
MRS. GELLER: Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
RACHEL: So, uh, how was your day?
DR. BURKE: Hi Phoebe, nice to meet you. [Phoebe just giggles when they shake] So, how ya been?
MONICA: I've been great, just great. How have you been? [tilting her head]
DR. BURKE: Yeah, since the divorce, when anybody asks me how I am, it's always with a sympathetic head tilt. [demonstrating] 'How ya doin'? You OK?'
JOEY: Wow, look at that. The car is on fire, yet somehow it's expensive paint job is protected by the Miracle Wax.
ROSS: Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
[they're laughing along with the show when an alarm goes off]
CHANDLER: Well don't you see how gross that is? I mean that's like you using my toothbrush. [Joey gets a sheepish look] You used my toothbrush?
JOEY: Well, you know that guy that's on my show that's in a coma? He's havin' a brunch.
MONICA: No, I don't even know how serious he is about me. Until I do, I'm not telling them anything.
ROSS: I don't know, I don't think mom and dad would mind. Remember when you were 9 and Richard was 30, how dad used to say, 'God I hope they get together.'
JOEY'S CO-STAR: Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.
PHOEBE: I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
RICHARD: How ya doin'?
JOEY: Well that's how I feel.
RACHEL: Phoebe, how would you do this to me? This was all your idea.
JOEY: Well, it was a fight. . . based on serious stuff, remember. About how I never lived alone or anything. I just think it would be good for me, ya know, help me to grow or. . . whatever.
MONICA: I know, how can you not be accross the hall anymore.
JOEY: Hey, how come, uhh, Chandler didn't come?
PHOEBE: So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?
PHOEBE: Anyway, OK, now promise you won't like, freak out and say how great this is until I'm done, OK.
CHANDLER: Well, how could anyone not be in love with Yasmine Blepe?
PHOEBE: OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers - smelly, smelly, smelly, really bad smelly cat, it's not your fault] OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
JOEY: So how you two gettin' along?
RACHEL: Well, how did you find out?
[All by myself is playing. Chandler is sitting in front of a window while it's raining outside. We see Joey through a rainy window. The camera zooms out to show it's just his tabletop water sculpture.]
[Everyone gasps. The show ends.]
MONICA: Ya know, I was thinking. Ya know how we always stay at your apartment? Well, I thought maybe tonight we'd stay at my place.
JOEY: Huh? Never really thought about the writers. The scripts just kinda come to my house. But you know what? This makes me look good, which makes the show look good, which makes the writers look good so how could they be mad about that?
JOEY: How can they do this to me?
MONICA: Well it wasn't that many guys. I mean, if you consider how many guys there actually are, it's a very small percentage.
MONICA: Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.
MONICA: Two? TWO? How is that possible? I mean, have you seen you?
ROSS: Oh. How do you uh, ya know, keep it so neat?
RACHEL: Chandler honey, I'm sorry. Ok, can we watch Joey's show now please? [they turn on the TV]
ROSS: How could you not tell us?
MONICA: Rachel you have to read this book. It's called Be Your Own Windkeeper. It's about how women need to become more empowered.
PHOEBE: Oh yes. Oh and, the part about how they're always like drinking from out pool of inner power, but God forbid we should take a sip.
JOEY: But I was Dr. Drake Remoray. How can I go from bein' a neurosurgeon to drivin' a cab?
RACHEL: Yes, my wind. How do you expect me to grow if you won't let me blow?
JOEY: Look at this, how did I spend so much money?
ROSS: Ok, well then get some sense. I mean it took you what, 10 years to get that job, who knows how long it's gonna be till you get another.
ROSS: Yeah. And you should hold out for something bigger. I can't tell you how much respect I have for you not going to that stupid cab driver audition.
ROSS: Great, how did it go?
ROSS: [approaching the mover holding the parrot] Hey hold on, hold on. How much for the uh, how much to save the bird?
CHANDLER: Well, how do you find clothes that fit?
JOEY: How do we say yes now and make it seem like we're not doin' it just to ride in the cool car?
PHOEBE: Yeah, I talked to my grandma about the Old Yeller incident, and she told me that my mom used to not show us the ends of sad movies to shield us from the pain and sadness. You know, before she killed herself.
JOEY: How come Richard looks so much cooler with one of these than me?
RACHEL: This is how I would hold a football.
MONICA: Ya know what, I think I'm gonna go to my room and read Cosmo, maybe there's something helpful in there. Know what, at least maybe I can learn how to do an at home bikini wax with leftover Cristmas candles.
MONICA: It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
MONICA: How can I not do it? I have $127 in the bank.
LITTLE BULLY: Well then here's the deal, you won't have to so long as never ever show your faces in this coffee house ever again.
RACHEL: How did you make $17.
JOEY: How come those?
ROSS: How come it's not mixing with the water?
MRS BUFFAY: How do you know Frank?
FRANK: Hey lady. Hey wait up. How do you know my dad?
FRANK: Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the rain gutter.
ROSS: Well we did it, we're here. We are standing our ground. How long does a cup of coffee take?
LITTLE BULLY: Actually, you know, uh, I gotta show this apartment tomorrow and uh, you know, this no faces thing might not be a bad idea.
ROSS: Hi honey, how did it go?
MONICA: Well, how bout just her mom?
CHANDLER: [running out of his apartment after a girl] Ok, ok, you can be shirts and I'll be skins. I'll be skins. [sits down beside Rachel] Hey, how you holdin' up there, tiger? Oh, sorry, when my parents were getting divorced I got a lot of tigers. Got a lot of champs, chiefs, sports, I even got a governor.
RACHEL: This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
ROSS: I'm getting ready for the water skiing. [Mr. Greene opens the door which pulls Ross in] How are you doing?
MONICA: Really? Wow, well then come on, I wanna show you how to fold the toilet paper into a point.
JOEY: Uhh, well, right now I'm in between things. You know how it is. One day you're processing, the next day you're not so much... processing any more.
PHOEBE: 'Cause my, my grandmother's never had chicken pox. Please, please tell me you have, 'cause oh my God, I forgot how cute you are.
RICHARD: Yeah. How 'bout that.
RYAN: Can you believe how we spent our two weeks together?
CHANDLER: I like this girl, okay, I seriously like this girl, you now how sometimes I tend get a little defended and quipy...
JOEY: Oh, well. Just ask her how long she's gonna live. Women live longer than men.
CHANDLER: How do you not fall down more?
PHOEBE: What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
Joey: No, Yeeees. God, how do I say this. (walks into the kitchen, Chandler follows closely, he turns around and gets startled) . Oh, hi, you know that girl from the Greek restaurant with the hair (holds his hands up to signify she has big hair) ?
Ross: How could you have told her? 
Janice: Yes, because that's how long it takes to love me.
Mr. Geller: So, how are you doing?
Rachel: How come you didn't come over earlier?
Joey: How is this your seat?
Phoebe: Well, how could it not be breezy, no, 'cause, you're, you're in such a breezy place.
Joey: Monica, how are you gonna do that?
(Chandler enters, and Joey is standing near the chair, they have a show down to see who gets the chair and Joey wins) 
Chandler: What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes?
Ross: Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Monica: (on phone) Uh, Michelle. Yeah, that was me, I-I dialed your number by mistake. (listens) Oh, you're so sweet. Yeah, we were a great couple. I know I really miss him. Well, you know how it is, it's that....
Ross: How, how, um how can you not be going?
Ross: You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
Ross: Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.
Ross: (to Joey) How 'bout instead you, go get changed! (to Chandler) You, give him back his underwear! I'm gonna go get a cab, and I want everyone down stairs in two minutes! Monica! 
Phoebe: How did you do that?
Joey: Whoa, jam! I love jam! (to Chandler) Hey, how come we never have jam at our place?
Chandler: Okay, this is good, this is good. All right listen, I have one. Janice likes to cuddle, at night, which, you know I'm all for. But, uh, you know when you want to go to sleep, you want some space. So, uh, how do I tell her that without, you know, accidentally calling her fat or something.
Chandler: And that's how you bought it?
Rachel: Pheebs, this guy has been obsessed with your sister, for God knows how long, okay, you don't just give up something like that.
Mike: Keep in mind, he's never used this product before, you're gonna see how easy this is to do. (to Kevin) Go ahead. ('Kevin' starts using the product, it is a spout that you jab into a paper milk carton so that you don't have to rip it open.) This works with any milk carton.
Joey: Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Joey: How is it you?
Susan: So he's got a doll? So what? Unless you're afraid he's gonna grow up and be in show business.
Ross: Give daddy the Barbi! Ben, give, give me the Barbi. Okay, how 'bout, don't you want to play with the monster truck? (makes a monster truck sound) No. Okay, oh, oh, how about a Dino-soilder? (squawks like a dinosaur) 
Phoebe: (in voice, on phone) 'Okay, go ahead.' (in normal voice on phone) Um, hi Annie. (listens) Fantastic! (to Joey) You got it. (on phone) Oh, okay, um, 'Will he work for scale?' you ask me. Well, I don't know about that, (Joey clears his throat to signify yes) except that I do and he will. Great, oh you are such a sweetheart. I would love to have lunch with you, how about we have lunch next.... (hangs up phone) Op, went through a tunnel.
Janice: So, how come you wanted to eat in tonight?
Rachel: Okay, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute. Maybe it's not so bad. How did you leave it?
Monica: How can you not remember? You made us call you...Bea. 
Joey: No. Y'know how we're always saying we need a place for the mail.
Joey: It's just a game Mon. (makes a 'Can-you-believe-her' face to the rest of the gang.) Rach, how about you?
Frank: How are you?
Frank: Hey, how do you guys get anything done?
Phoebe: Oh, how do you play the shadow game?
Monica: Oh, how do you play the shadow game?
Frank: Well y'know about the tongue thing, y'know, and how I told you about my likes and my dislikes...
Frank: How-how I like to melt stuff, and how I dislike stuff that doesn't melt.
Chandler: Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? (throws his shoulder into the center to try and move it, but it doesn't move.) 
Joey: Okay, but let's say there was. How might that go?
Ross: So how many more do you have tomorrow?
Ross: Yeah, y'know how I have you guys, well she doesn't really have any close friends that are just hers, but last week she meet this woman at the gym, Susan something, and they really hit it off, and I-I-I think it's gonna make a difference
Rachel: Thank you. So how-how 'bout you, are-are you seeing anybody?
Phoebe: I'm sorry, I-I-I-I don't live here anymore. I-I didn't know how to tell you, but y'know everybody else knows!
Ross: So I told Carl, 'Nobody, no matter how famous their parents are, nobody is allowed to climb on the dinosaur.' But of course this went in one ear and out.....
Rachel:I love how he cares so much about stuff. If I squint I can pretend he's Alan Alda.
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh! How was teaching last night?
Joey: Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' (Does it by raising one eyebrow, and showing off the pretend fishhook.) Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. (looks all confused) And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Phoebe: So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
Chandler: Okay, well it this bed isn't new, how come there is plastic on the mattress?
Monica: Joey, you're this guy's teacher. I mean how could you do this?
Ross: Dr. Green. How are you? (offers his hand, and Dr. Green puts his scarf on it.) 
Rachel: What? What? He's interested in you. He-he likes your hair, he just wants to know how you got here.
Dr. Green: Well what if somebody steals something? How are you gonna run after him with one leg shorter than the other?!
Ross: What? (to Joey) So what are you going to do? I mean how, how are you going to tell Chandler?
Ross: You? You! Want to watch Ben? (in the background Monica mouths 'Don't worry, I'll be here the whole time.' to Ross.) Yes! That'd be great, no, I just wanted to ask Monica, because I know how empty her life is. (Monica sarcastically mouths 'Yeah!' and holds up her thumb.) 
Monica: Here. Ben, do you wanna play the airplane game, do you wanna show Rachel? Come here. (takes Ben) We're gonna do something fun. Okay. (throws Ben up in the air a little bit and catches him) Weee!! (moves into the living room and does it again) Weee!! (starts to walk back into the kitchen as she does it again, and hits Ben's head on that wooden beam across the ceiling.) 
Rachel: Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. (sets him on the couch) See that's a good boy. (to Monica) How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
Janice: How did you know?
Chandler: No! In his office! How many kisses were there?
Monica: How are we gonna do that? There's no way.
Joey: Hey! Y'know how we ah, save all those chopsticks for no reason we get when we get Chinese food?
Monica: (coming out of the bedroom) You jerk! You know how much I love that kid! (starts to chase Ross around the living room) 
Chandler: I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Ross: Oh yeah! Then how come you didn't get the Geller Cup?
Chandler: But wait a minute though, how are we gonna get there, though, because my Mom won't let me cross the street.
Phoebe: Okay, so how do we decide that?
Rachel: Wait, how long?
[Sequence 4: Ross hikes the ball to Chandler, and the camera pans down to show Rachel standing deep in the end zone, playing with her gum. Something hits her on the head and she looks up to see where it came from.]
Phoebe: All right, no, well I want to kill them to, but their boys, y'know how are we gonna beat three boys?
Ross: How come it's always us left in the field holding the ball?
Gunther: Do you remember when you first came here, how you spent two weeks getting trained by another waitress?
Phoebe: No, no, I am against innocent trees being cut down in their prime, and their, their corpses grotesquely dressed in like tinsel and twinkly lights. (to Joey) Hey, how do you sleep at night?
Ross: Huh. Well, good luck to Dad. Say, how many more boxes would you have to sell in order to win?
Ross: Four hundred, huh? Well, that sounds do-able. (starts to get out his wallet) How much are the boxes?
Monica: All right, I'll take one box of the mint treasures, just one, and that's it. I-I started gaining weight after I joined the Brown Birds. (to Ross) Remember, how Dad bought all my boxes and I ate them all?
Gunther: And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don't just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Rachel: Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is entering numbers on a calculator as Ross reads off how much he's sold.]
Chandler: So, how many have you sold so far?
Chandler: Oh my God, how did you do that?
Ross: (to the girl sitting next to him) Hi there. How many, how many ah, did you sell?
Ross: Oh, come here sweetie, listen, you're gonna go on like a thousand interviews before you get a job. (she glares at him) That's not how that was supposed to come out.
Rachel: I can't! It's too late! Terry already hired that girl over there. (points to her) Look at her, she's even got waitress experience. Last night she was teaching everybody how to make napkin.... (starts to cry) swans.
Rachel: Um, excuse me, everyone. Ah, this is my last night working here, and I ah, just wanted say that I made some really good friends working here, and ah, it's just time to move on. (at the counter Gunther starts to cry and runs into the back room) Ah, and no offence to everybody who ah, still works here, you have no idea how good it feels to say that as of this moment I will never have to make coffee again.
Joey: Okay, pick a card, any card. (Monica picks one) All right, now memorize it. Show to everybody. Got it?
Monica: Wow. Joey, (sarcastically) how do you do it?
Joey: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. (picks up a card and quickly looks at it) I just did it. (does it again) I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it. (looks and the card in slow motion) 
Mr. Kaplan: Well, don't think I haven't noticed your potential. Well, I've got a project for you that's a lot more related to fashion. How does that sound?
Rachel: Oh honey, come on, I'm sorry, I didn't.... I don't mind paying my dues, y'know, its just how much am I gonna learn about fashion by walking Mira, the arthritic seamstress, to the bathroom.
(Camera cuts to show Chandler giving a Jello shot to the ceramic dog and holding an empty tray of Jello shots.) 
Joey: Oh my God! How many of these things did you have? These are pure vodka.
Chandler: (to Monica) Okay, how many of that girl are you seeing?
Monica: How hammered are you? Huh? These, these are Joey's sisters.
Phoebe: Wow. Okay, I don't know how to talk to you.
Monica: How ya feelin'?
Phoebe: How can you not know which one?
Rachel: So, how are you?
Ross: Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. (to Chandler) What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
Joey: What?! How could you do that, how could you think she was Mary-Angela?
Joey: Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Monica: So ah, Phoebe, how was your date?
Chandler: Don't do anything. Keep it inside. Learn how to hide your feelings! (pause) Don't cry outloud. 
Mark: Here, let me. (answers phone) Rachel Green's line, how may I help you? 
Ross: Why does Joanna need two assistants, how, how lazy is she? 
Monica: How would that go? (they kiss) Well, it didn't rhyme, but I liked it. 
Phoebe: Oh, how was last night with Julio, senorita? 
Ross: Why?! How?! How is he a genius? 
Director: Listen Joey, seeing as you've got the most experience, I want you to take these dancers and show them the combination. 
Phoebe: Remember how you said you were really dense about poetry? Oh. (hugs her) 
Director: Let's try it again, and this time let's watch everybody watch Joey. (to Joey) Show 'em how it's done. (to the pianist) Count it off. 
Chandler: Yeah y-you, how hard is it to say something? Rachel came over to borrow something.
Monica: Let's get the show on it! 
Chandler: Yeah, he's really excited about it too, he even recorded show times on his answering machine.
Ross: Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? (in an Irish accent) Two days of darts, it'll be great!
Rachel: So you know how to fix it?
Monica: I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
Frank: How are you?
Alice: Y'know it-it's funny, um, Frank told me so much about you, but your not how I pictured you at all.
Monica: So, um, how-how did you guys meet?
Frank: I mean, how hard can it be? Y'know, I mean, y'know, babies, y'know who doesn't want babies right? And besides y'know, I never had a Dad around, and ah, now-now I always will, 'cause y'know, it'll be me. Right?
Joey: Well, have-have you told him how you feel?
Rachel: Hey, how are those tapes working out for ya?
Chandler: (reading the check) Pete Becker. Pete... (quickly grabs a magazine and opens it up to show her a picture) (pointing to the picture) Is this him?
Frank: Okay, so wait, all right, so how does that make things better?
Pete: Well, y'know, I never know how much to tip.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, sure. So, how was your day?
Frank: Uh, no, not really, just that I was too young, y'know, but I don't see how I could all of the sudden be too young, 'cause I'm older than I was when we first got together.
Joey: Hey, how much cash do you got in your pocket right now?
Monica: Why, how much is that?
Kate: That info-mercial! For the milk carton spout thing! You're-you're-you're the guy that doesn't know how to pour milk!!
Rachel: You know how much I love that T-shirt! You never even where that T-shirt!
Joey: Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
Joey: Oh, yeah?! Then how come I keep thinking about her in all these sexual scenarios and stuff huh?!
Monica: Hey, Rach, how was work?
Rachel: (to Chandler) O-o-o-okay, how did it go? Tell me everything.
Joanna: Oh God, we just clicked! Y'know how people just click? Like he came by to pick me up, and I opened the door, and it was just like, click! Did he tell you?
Joey: How do you mean?
Rachel: I don't care! I don't care! You are going to have to take her out again and end it, and end it in way that she knows it's actually ended. And, I don't care how hard it is for you, do not tell her that you will call her again!
Joey: So I ah, talked to Lauren, kinda told her how things were with us. Did you ah, did you talk to Marshall?
Joanna: Well, this isn't how I was hoping how this would end, but I guess I have to appreciate your honesty.
[Scene: Outside Central Perk, Rachel and Phoebe are helping Monica learn how to roller skate by rolling her between themselves.]
Monica: Wow! You're a lot sturdier that Chandler. He crumpled like a piece of paper. So how was you're trip?
Monica: Hmm, no. I mean how can I accept a restaurant from hi-? I-I-I-I can't. I couldn't even accept a necklace from Stu Vincent in the seventh grade.
Rachel: Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
Chandler: So um, after you put the suggestion in the box, how long did it take for the roller skating thing to happen.
Ross: And I'm sure you're gonna make a big impression. Hi! I'm Rachel Green. It's nice to meet you. (He lifts his leg and imitates shaking hands with it, just like how Rachel was trying to pick up the aspirin with her feet.) Come on, you probably have a broken rib!
Chandler: (rushing in) Oh, good! Good! Do you guys know how to get a chick out of a VCR?!
Ross: Ohh. (He drops the shoes, takes the brush from her, and licks the tip. He doesn't like how it tastes.) 
Joey: Two it is. Ross, how about you?
Rachel: How are you? (She goes to kiss him on the cheek, but stops because of the dates and pats him on the shoulder.) 
Estelle: How do you do. (to Rachel and Monica) Ooh, you two girls were outstanding! (to Joey) Did they have representation?
Kate: Yep! I sure know how to pick 'em, huh? Y'know I gave up a part on a soap for this!
Joey: Well so, how come you blew me off? Y'know? How come you were with him?
Monica: Anyway, how did it go with Kate?
Joey: Oh, it was great! Yeah, I-I walked her home, and it was amazing how much we connected, y'know? Then ah, then she passed out, but then she woke up. Yeah? And we stayed up all night talking, and now we're like totally crazy about each other!
(Ross is having a fit, about how calm Tommy is now) 
Joey: Oh, ahh, go to the window. I'm wanna run down to the truck and show you something.
Tommy: (noticing the chick) Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. (picks up the chick) Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? (starts to pet him) Aww. (The chick poops on his hand.) Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! (the duck wattles behind him and quacks) (to the duck) Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!! 
Monica: Joey, put that down! (the phone rings) Oh my God! It's Pete. Okay, get out!! How the hell do you answer a video-phone! (steps in front of it, and automatically answers it) 
Joey: Hi, how ya doing?
Rachel: Mon you definitely have to make it a theme wedding, and the theme could be, “Look how much money we've got!” Y'know, I mean you could put, you could put money in-in the invitations! You-you could have like little money place settings. And ah, you could start with a money salad! I mean it'll be dry, but people will like it.
Rachel: Yes, and I know that you'd say no if he asked you, but I'm sorry; how great would you look walking down the aisle in this Donna Carin. (shows her the picture.) 
Phoebe: Yeah, okay, I've-I've been dating both of you, and it's been really horrible. 'Cause y'know it's been a lot of fun, for me. Umm, but I-I like you both, and I, and I didn't know how to chose, so... I'm sorry, I'm just, I'm terrible, I'm a terrible person. I'm terrible.
Ross: No, she likes that. Yeah. Faking sleep doesn’t work either, I can’t tell you how many mornings I woke up with her...
Phoebe Sr.: So I guess you’d like to know how it all happened. 
Phoebe Sr.: Noo! No! It wasn’t like that I... Remember how I told you how Lily, Frank, and I we were, we were close. Well, we were, we were very close.
Phoebe: How close?
Phoebe: I don’t even know how that would work!
Phoebe Sr.: Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it’s like to be eighteen years old?
Chandler: Nope! Because I’m not your boyfriend. (to Phoebe, who’s entering) Hey Pheebs, how did it go?
Ross: Well, it was loong. I didn’t even realise how late it was, until I noticed the 5 o’clock shadow on her head. (They both start to laugh, then stop themselves quickly.) Anyway, she didn’t want to stay. I called a cab; she just left.
Rachel: (handing him the letter) It’s just some things I’ve been thinking about. Some things about us, and before we can even think about the two of us getting back together, I just need to know how you feel about this stuff.
Rachel: How was the beach?
Ross: She wants me to take responsibility for everything that went wrong in our relationship. I mean she goes on for five pages about, about how I was unfaithful to her! (Both Joey and Chandler shrug their shoulders as to say ”Well...”) (yelling) WE WERE ON A BREAK!!!!!
Ross: (calming down) Yeah, I know. I mean, no, you’re right. Yeah I guess I’ll let it go. But you-you understand how-how hard it is to forget about this.
Ursula: Yeah. So how have you been doing?
Ross: Wait a minute! I saw that! On The Discovery Channel, yeah! About jellyfish and how if you... (stops suddenly and turns to look at Monica) Ewwww!! You peed on yourself?!
Rachel: Ooh, I was soo nervous about that letter. But the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?
Joey: How many times do I have to tell you! Ya, turn and sliiiide! Y'know, turn and slide.
Chandler: All right, how about we, how ‘bout we sell it.
Phoebe: No Dr. Skeptismo! I’m sure. First of all, okay, there’s the feeling. (Chandler shrugs) Okay, and for another, how about the fact that she went into my guitar case which is lined with orange felt. (Rachel nods her head in unsure agreement) My Mother’s favourite fish is Orange Roughy... (Joey thinks he understands, but then nods that he has no clue.) Cats....like....fish! (Ross and Rachel are totally lost) (to the cat) Hi, Mommy. (Rachel covers her mouth, in an “Oh my God.” gesture) Oh, I haven’t seen this smile in 17 years!
Monica: Come on, that was back in high school! How could that still bother you?
Ross: So Pheebs, how long is your mom gonna be with us?
Chip: Hey, Rach! How ya doin’?
Monica: That’s what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you’re Chip. Nevermind.
Monica: Umm. Well, there’s Rachel, and umm, I think that’s it. How bout you?
Monica: Ohh, how is he?
Chandler: What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Rachel: (to Monica) So, how was your date?
Monica: Well, y'know how I always wanted to go out with Chip Matthews in high school?
Phoebe: (she turns around and puts the cat on the entertainment center) Ross, how many parents have you lost?
Monica: (Entering from her bedroom) How desperate am I?
Phoebe: How come?
Joanna: Wait. I wanna show you something.
Chandler: Hi! (to Sophie) How are you?
Chandler: How little?!
Joey: How about zero down and zero a month for a long, long time?
Joey: Oh, I-I think I’m gonna stick with the V, I wanna see how this bad boy turns out.
Chandler: How do Monica and Phoebe know?
Ross: Then how do you explain the toe ring?!
Phoebe: Sure, yeah, no I can do that, yeah, because umm, y'know, the muscles in the siadic area can get y’know, real (lifts up the towel) nice and tight. So umm, tell me Rick, how umm, how did you injure the area.
Monica: Hey-hey, how goes the dancing? Gay yet?
Monica: All right, then show me some manly moves.
Joey: I don’t know how to lead.
Chandler: Yes-yes, I was just trying to figure out a way to uh, demonstrate how I could get my exceptionally large feet into my even bigger mouth.
Phoebe: It's fun, God I love how sexy I am. (Coughs really loudly.)
Monica: Oh umm, how about your mom dying, or having to live on the streets when you were 14?
Phoebe: Well, how-how-how is that possible? You barely know her!
Chandler: Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? (Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Chandler: Where did you, when did you, how did you... (Joey hits the back of Chandler's head) How did you get a girl like that? 
Rachel: Huh. Well, then you'd better keep it away from Ross's hair. So this is pretty rare. How did you get that? 
Ross: How do you think it's gonna look when you get her something incredibly meaningful and expensive and her boyfriend Joey gives her an orange? 
Ross: You know how you throw your jacket on a chair at the end of the day? 
Kathy: Well, uh, when Joey gave it to me, he said, "This is 'cause I know ya like Rabbits, and I know ya like cheese." Thanks. I love it. And I know how hard it must have been for you to find. 
Phoebe: Yeah, ooh, I like that! Yeah. Wait! How do you know about 'bah-bah-bha-bhan?'
Joey: (very excited) A TV as if it appears from nowhere! That's the dream! Man, how did you afford this stuff?
Joey: No-no-no, I think I'm gonna see how things go with Kathy. She's pretty cool.
Joey: Y'know what I think? I think somebody's got a little crush on Casey. How 'bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
Phoebe: Oh no. No-no-no, don't do that! How could I live with myself if I knew I was depriving the world of your music.
Ross: No the-the sad thing is, if you had told him how you felt before you kissed her, knowing Joey, he probably just would've just stepped aside.
Chandler: How is that worse?!
Chandler: Oh that’s not true! That’s not true! I got her that backpack and she loved it! I remember how much she was crying the day when that big dog ran off with it… (notices the look on Monica and Phoebe’s faces.) Oh, there was no big dog. All right this sucks! I already got her this briefcase, and I had R.G. put on it… (Phoebe looks confused.) Her initials…
Ross: That’s a good point. So uh, how long are you gonna punish him?
Monica: Oh my God! How cute is the on-call doctor?
Joey: When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down! 
Chandler: All right, wait! Come on! Just wait one second! There has to be something that I can do! Something! If we still had that entertainment unit I would get in it for six hours and think about how I let you down. (Joey looks intrigued) What?
Monica: So how does it look?
Monica: Umm, so how long have you been working with your dad? (He looks at her) Come on, one of us had to mention him.
Chandler: The meaning of the box is three fold. One (holds a finger up through the air hole), it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two (holds up another finger), it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three (holds up a third finger), it hurts!
Chandler: How do ya do.
Monica: Here, let me show you. Okay, the towels are hanging next to the sink, and umm, you can use the fancy soap.
Phoebe: Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That’s not how your dad used to do it."
Rachel: Don’t say that I have no sentiment! (Starts to show Ross what’s in the box.) This is a movie stub from our first date! This is an eggshell from the first time you made me breakfast in bed! (Holds up a bone) This is from the museum from the first time we… were together. Okay, maybe I exchange gifts sometimes, but I keep the things that matter! 
KATHY: Hey. Listen, I want you to know how sorry I am…
Phoebe: He’s just trying to show Joey how much he means to him.
Ross: What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this bitchin' van!
Phoebe: How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Joanna: Oh. And Rachel has been really incredible in getting my morning bagel for me. It’s amazing how she gets it right almost every time!
Monica: Hand me those tomatoes, I’m gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
Allesandro: How long is this gonna take? ‘Cause I got another critic to go yell at.
Ross: It’s not like we don’t know how to party!!
Rachel: Hey Mon, little question for ya! How do you think this suit will look on an assistant buyer?
Rachel: How do you think this suit would look on an assistant buyer at Bloomingdale’s?
Ross: How sad are we?
Allesandro: I’m so excited about having Monica come on board with us. Although I do feel bad about having fired chef Emillio, it’s like losing a member of the family. Of course, that literally is the case for several of you. Tony, Carlos, Marie, please, tell your father how much we’re gonna miss him. Now, I know that Monica has a lot of great ideas for this place, well, you all read the review. So without much further ado, I present to you our new head chef.
Chandler: Oh, yeah! How did you meet her?
Chandler: How can she be great if she’s from Poughkeepsie? (laughs, at they all look at him) That joke would’ve killed in Albany.
Rachel: Yeah! Wait a minute, it’s been a long time that I’ve been single. How come you never offered this before?
Monica: That’s a good idea! Wait, do you know how to waiter?
Phoebe: Hey! Ooh, how was your first day working at the restaurant?
Joey: And I gotta pay rent! Look, how-how about this? You don’t fire me, instead I stay here, I gain their trust, and they’ll start listening to all the nice things I’ve been saying about you.
Monica: You bet your ass I’m gonna fire you! Get out of my kitchen! Get out!! (Joey leaves) All right! Anybody else got a problem? How ‘bout you Chuckles? You think this is funny now?
Monica: How about if I dance around all covered in sauce? Huh? You think it’s funny now? 
Rachel: Well, how can you be a tour guide, don’t you have to be a dinosaur expert or something?
Phoebe Sr: I mean, I know what I’m talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. (Phoebe is playing with the puppy again, and not listening) I really shouldn’t have given you the puppy first.
Joey: Well, how-how come?
Monica: All right, I’m gonna show you something a lot of guys don’t know. Rach, give me that pad, please? (She does so and Monica starts drawing on it) All right. Now…
Ross: Now, how will they know if you’re ready?
Joey: Oh yeah? Ross, how many items left in that bag?
Rachel: How many guesses do you get?
Ross: How did you know she would buy scotch tape?
Monica: How about we play for more money, say 150?
Monica: I got it! How about, if we win, they have to get rid of the rooster?
Ross: Eww! No!! Her ear! All right, Monica categorizes her towels. How many categories are there?
Ross: Correct. Chandler was how old when he first touched a girl’s breast?
Monica: How do you feel?
Monica: Really?! How much?!
Rachel: How did it go?
Phoebe: Ooh! How was Kathy’s play?
Ross: Y’know what, I don’t know how comfortable I am going to see how hot the sex is between some guy and your girlfriend.
(He walks over to look and some clothes and Rachel quickly turns around and adjusts her bra, trying to show off her assets.)
Rachel: No-no, that wasn’t me! (To Joshua) Well, we should get started. Let me show you my underwear. (Joshua turns at that) The selection of underwear we carry.
Chandler: Y’know, I-I could see how this could happen, y'know you’re up there every night, you’re naked, touching, kissing.
Kathy: Acting! Chandler, this is my job! I’m-I’m playing a part in a play! How can you not trust me?!
Chandler: Well, you can understand, given how we started.
Ross: Yeah, how does Jason look in a v-neck?
Rachel: I don’t even know how I would go about it.
Joey: Oh-oh-oh-oh, how I do it is, I look a woman up and down and say, "Hey, how you doin’?"
Joey: (to Phoebe) Hey, how you doin’?
Rachel: You know what, I’m gonna do that, I’m gonna call him up, and I’m gonna ask him out. I can do that. Ask him out. (Practising) How you doin’? (Calls him) Hi! Joshua? It’s Rachel Green from Bloomingdale’s. (Listens) Yeah, umm, I was wondering if you umm, if you umm, left your wallet at the store today? Well, we found a wallet, and we—(Listens) the license? Well, that is a good idea! Uh, well, let’s see here this says this license belongs to a uh, uh, belongs to a mister uh, Pheebs, and umm, yeah, so sorry to bother you at home. I’ll see you tomorrow. Bye. (Hangs up) (to Phoebe) You’ve done that a thousand times?
Ross: How might you be wrong?
[Scene: Bloomingdale’s, Rachel’s new job, she is waiting for Joshua and practising how to ask him out.]
Rachel: Yep. Oh, yeah, look you great. (She puts her arm in his and checks how they would look as a couple.) Oh yeah. Yeah, this looks great. (Pause) Umm, so you like it?
Phoebe: How? How is your fault?
Rachel: Yes! I will! Absolutely! (She takes out his license and her license and holds them face to face with each other. She then proceeds to act like Dark Helmut in Spaceballs, and mimic a conversation between the two of them.) Hello, Rachel. Hi, Joshua. I left my wallet here on purpose. Really? Yes, I just wanted to see you again. Oh, I’m glad. Rachel, I’d like to say something to you. Yes? How you doin’?
Rachel: How does going to a strip club help him better?
Monica: So? How did it go with Joshua last night?
Rachel: They’re in Vermont!! How could this happen?! (She waves her arms franticly and hits Chandler.)
Rachel: How—how did end up in Vermont with that awful witch?! (She hits Chandler again.)
Phoebe: You should! How is she?
Joey: How ya doin’?
Charlton Heston: I don’t know one actor worth his salt that didn’t say at one time or another, "God, I stink!" Hell, I just did a scene out there, first take, I stunk the place up. But, the important thing you must remember, no matter how badly you think you might stink, you must never, ever bust into my dressing room and use my shower! Do you understand me?!
Phoebe: Hey—ooh so, how was Vermont?
Chandler: That’s a mailman! That’s our mailman! (Waves to the mailman) (Sarcastic) Hi. How are ya?
Monica: They wouldn’t have put it there if it didn’t do something! How can you not care?
Monica: How have you been?
Liam: How are ya man?
Emily: So how are you? I’ve been meaning to ring you ever since I arrived but umm, well, I’ve been rather busy.
Janice: (leaning in from the bedroom) Chandler! Come on, I’m gonna show how to roll up your underwear and stuff it in your shoes. It’s a real space saver.
Joey: Nope. (To Ross) Man look at this! Ross, I can’t believe you said you’d play rugby. I mean look how brutal this is!
Phoebe: You’re kidding! And he plays rugby?! That’s so funny. (Realises) Ohh! I see how you did that. All right.
Ross: Anyway, she thought the very idea of me playing rugby with him was like hilarious. So I’m gonna show her how tough I really am!
Janice: Oh, my Bing-a-ling. I’ll wait for you. Do you even know how long you’re going to be gone?
Monica: I don’t know how museums work in England but, here, you’re not supposed to take stuff.
Rachel: Ohh, God! Look at him, he’s so cute. I wanna go over there, grab him, and kiss him! How can I kiss him and not letting him know that I like him?
Joey: Oh! I know how you can get him, take off your bra.
Phoebe: Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m craving it. Y’know why I’m never gonna eat meat? Because it’s murder, cold blooded murder.
Joey: All right look, y’know how-y’know how when you’re dating someone and you don’t want to cheat on them, unless it’s with someone really hot?
Rachel: Ughhhh!! Forget it! (Sits down heavily on the bed.) This is, this is not how this is supposed to happen.
Joey: Ooh, I was gonna say bologna, but that’s much better. How about a little of that smoked turkey?
Joey: No, we didn’t even pay our cable bill—maybe this is how they punish us.
Alice: Hi! (She runs over and hugs Phoebe’s stomach.) So, how did it go at the doctors?
Phoebe: Oh well, okay, hey, y’know how when you’re umm, you’re walking down the street and you see three people in a row, and you say, "Oh, that’s nice?"
Monica: How did it go with Frank and Alice?
Ross: Emily, hi! Uh, how-how was you flight?
Emily: It was dreadful. I felt terrible about how I acted when you said those wonderful things.
Monica: This isn’t how it’s supposed to go, there can’t be another guy.
Monica: Come on! Surprise her! Show up at her doorstep! Don’t let her go without a fight!
Monica: That’s sounds great, but how are you going to afford it?
Phoebe: Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I’ve got?
Monica: Okay, just stay there a couple more hours and if she doesn’t show up by then, then just come on home.
Emily: Oh, well, I’ll show you around.
Susan: That would be great! Also, uh, I was hoping to catch a show so if you can make any suggestions…
Joey: Ooh-ooh, Pheebs, you want a strong name? How about, The Hulk?
Ross: How do you know? I mean we thought Carol was straight before I married her!
Phoebe: Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it’s like y’know, Chanoey?
Joey: (answering the door.) Hey, how did you do that?! Come on in. (He brings them inside.)
Joshua: Yeah, yeah, let me show you around. This is the uh, downstairs living room.
Rachel: What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It’s-it’s, they’re-they’re wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale’s, so… And obviously in uh, in-in this case, (She grabs a pen and paper) I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
Rachel: So—Hey, Pheebs! So, how are the elves?
Phoebe: I don’t know! How are the-the-the-the, y’know—You’re clothes aren’t funny.
Ross: I like it, and Emily likes it, and that’s what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
Ross: Don’t be scared, I-I know it sounds crazy and-and people will say it’s too soon, but just-just think, think how great it will be.
Monica: When, when did—how, how did you…
Ross: So listen uh, I know you and I haven’t really had a chance to talk since uh, Emily and I decided to get married, and uh, I was just wondering how you were.
Joey: (sleepily) Yeah, she is. Wow! (Falls back asleep, loudly) How you doin’?
Phoebe: Oh, how did it go?
Rachel: Well, yeah, y’know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
Ross: So, I got us some reservations for Sunday night, okay? How about, Ernie’s at 9 o’clock?
Rachel: Okay! All right! How was she?
Rachel: Come on Ross! You said you wanted to talk about it, let’s talk about it!! How was she?
Rachel:  ...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, “Once a cheater, always a cheater.”  Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Joey: Don’t worry man, I get to bring a guest. We’ll show him.
MR, GELLER: Wait, how do you zoom out? [zooms out and we see an extremely overweight Monica eating a big sandwich] There she is.
Chandler: Ahh, so how many cameras are actually on you?
MR. GELLER: Let's show 'em.
MRS. GELLER: Oh, dear. Jack, how do I turn this off?
Rachel: Yeah. It’s just gonna be too hard. Y’know? I mean, it’s Ross. How can I watch him get married? Y’know it’s just, it’s for the best, y’know it is, it’s… Y’know, plus, somebody’s got to stay here with Phoebe! Y’know she’s gonna be pretty big by then, and she needs someone to help her tie her shoes; drive her to the hospital in case she goes into labour.
Rachel: So uh, Pheebs, honey, how are those mood swings coming?
Ross: Hey, how can it not be me?!HeyHey!
Monica: What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you’re having a party and we’re not invited?
Monica: Wow, you seem to be doing so much better. That’s great. So how-how are things going?
Rachel: Well, h-how is this like that?
Ross: My-my ring? My-my wedding ring? The-the stripper stole my wedding ring?! H-how?! How could this all happen?!
Ross: So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there’s nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Rachel: I still don’t get how you know when it’s false labour.
Monica: How do you feel?
(And with that, television history is made as, for the first time ever, an entire show moves it’s entire production to an entirely different country to make a single episode. We get shots of Buckingham Palace, London Bridge, Big Ben, and the London Marriott as Joey and Chandler exit.)
Emily: (running in, with Ross) Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?
Chandler: How can I answer that when I’m pretending I don’t know you?
Chandler: Oh really? Then how come no one here is wearing them?
Ross: Postpone it? Emily, do you think Monica realises how much our parents spent on this wedding? Do you my sister’s teeny-tiny little brain comprehends that people took time out of their lives to fly thousands of miles to be here, huh? (He puts his pants on backwards.) This isn’t right.
Emily: It’s not the pants. It’s you that is backwards. And if, and if you don’t understand how important this is to me, well then, perhaps we shouldn’t get married at all! (She storms out.)
Phoebe: Uh, only if you have the hiccups too. Yeah, the pictures are for you, the water and the chocolate is for me. I just didn’t feel like getting up. Okay, I’m gonna show you a picture of Ross. Okay? And you’re going to remember all of the bad things about him. All right? Really focus on his flaws.
Phoebe: Okay, how do you feel now?
Chandler: How did you? How? How?
Joey: Well, I was trying to figure out how to get to Buckingham Palace, right? So, I’m in my map and-and…(Ross enters) Hey!
Monica: Ross, how long have you been planning this wedding?
Monica: Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That’s what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake (Starting to cry), with the little people on top. (Ross gets thrown a box of Kleenex from the bathroom and he gives her one.) Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Joey: That just cost me four bucks. But uh listen, I just called to see how the chick and the duck are doing?
Rachel: Yeah, I know, I know, I know he does. But I have to tell him how I feel! He deserves to have all the information and then he can make an informed decision.
Housekeeper: This is the housekeeper speaking. And by the way, young lady, that is not how one addresses oneself on the telephone. First one identifies oneself and then asks for the person with whom one wishes to speak.
Mr. Waltham: (Shaking everyone's hand.) Hello. Hello. How do you do? How do you do? Very nice to meet you. (Looking over at his wife.) Darling it’s the Gellers. (She pays no attention she’s talking on a cellular phone.) (Louder) Darling, it’s the Gellers. (She’s still not responding.) She’s very self-absorbed, you know. I should never have married her.
Mrs. Geller: We know how expensive weddings can be, besides this may be the only wedding we get to throw (patting Monica on the shoulder.).
Mrs. Geller: How could it be so much? The receptions at their house.
Mrs. Geller: Ooh, Jack....(He looks over to her) Sometimes I forget how powerful you can be. (They embrace and kiss passionately.)
Rachel: Ohh, okay, how about five. (She hands her all the credit cards.) Ohh, thank you.
Chandler: So how are you doing?
Chandler: So, ahh, how are ya? How ya...How ya... You okay?
Rachel: But he has to know how I feel!
Joey: (In a New York accent.) Fuggetaboutit. (She giggles.) How you doin?
Emily: (Yelling from inside the bathroom) You’ve spoiled everything! It’s like a nightmare! My friends and family are out there! How can I face them?! How can you do this to me?!
Monica: I know. How could we have let this happen?
Mr. Geller: Oh yeah, well who serves steak when there’s no place to sit, I mean how are you supposed to eat this?
Joey: But what about how much taller he is than me?
[Scene: An airport in London, Ross is waiting for Emily to show up to go on their honeymoon and sees Rachel walking past.]
Ross: I just, I don’t understand, I mean, how-how can she do this? Y’know, what, am I, am I like a complete idiot for thinking that she’d actually show up?
Ross: Yeah, yeah, it’ll be great! You can, you can lay on the beach and I can cry over my failed marriage. See-see how I make jokes?
Rachel: Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, (points to Ross’s seat.) he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! (Looks out the window.) Hey, look at that, the airport’s moving. (Realizes that that’s not how it works.) Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we’re moving? (Sits back in defeat.) Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Chandler: So, thanks for having me over! Rach. (Goes over, grabs her, and kisses her.) Pheebs. (After a moment while he decides how to kiss her around her belly, grabs her and kisses her.)
Joey: Umm, y'know how the other day you were talking about how you didn't get to go to London and how you were kinda feeling left out?
Phoebe: Ohh, that's so nice! How great! Well, where? Where's the trip?!
Monica: Okay, Rachel, do you have any idea how painful it is to tell someone that you love them and not have them say it back?
Rachel: Okay. Uhh, Ross, y'know what, there's something that I-that I have to talk to you about and everybody's saying that I shouldn't tell you, but I think they're wrong. I mean, and you know how people can be wrong.
Rachel: Joey, how do you make that dirty?
Phoebe: I can't ask him! Do you have any idea how inappropriate that would be?! All I'm saying is just talk to Frank. Okay? Just, y'know, feel him out!
Monica: (To Phoebe) How are you doing?
Chandler: (to another female nurse) Hey, how 'bout it? You, me, Saturday night?
Rachel: Oh, how does he look? How does he look?
Frank: Yeah!! Little Leslie is here! We got another one! Oh my God, I can't believe I have two-two children. How scary is that? (He returns to the delivery room.)
Joey: (To the pledge volunteers) How ya doin'? Welcome. Good to see ya!
Emily: Well, you have to understand how humiliating it was for me up on that altar in front of my entire family, all my friends.
Ross: I told her I'd have to think about it. I mean, how the hell am I supposed to make this kind of a decision? (They're all quiet.) I'm actually asking you!
Joey: Oh, uh, okay, how, how about now? (He waves his hand in front of the woman next to him and you can now see his arm on TV.)
Chandler: How many times have I told you guys, you never watch the cooking channel!
Chandler: All right, let's show them how it's done.
Monica: Wow, so you guys are, you're never gonna be in the same room together? How is that even gonna work?
Ross: So, Rach, y'know-y'know how Emily's coming right?
Joey: You don't know how long we're gonna be in here! We may have to repopulate the Earth.
Ross: Hey, so uh, y'know how there's something I wanted to talk to you about?
Ross: Well, y'know how I'm trying to work things out with Emily. Well, there's this one thing… Okay, (Rachel has her back turned to the camera, and Ross isn't looking at her.) here goes. I made a promise that-(they cut to the other camera and Ross notices something coming out of Rachel's nose)-Oh hey!
Monica: I don't know, how about the idiot who thought he could drive from Albany to Canada on a half a tank of gas!
Ross: Okay, y'know how you told me I should do whatever it takes to fix my marriage?
Rachel: Yeah, well that's how mad I am!!
Joey: How was your conference?
Joey: Hey, how was your chef thing?
Monica: Okay, I'd like to know how much the room was because I'd like to pay my half.
Ross: How come? Everybody else does.
Ross: Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do! (He storms out.)
Chandler: Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Monica: How did that happen?
Emily: How can you do this too me?! I thought I'd made my feelings about Rachel perfectly clear!
Monica: How can you tell? You can only see the back of his head!
Chandler: How can he do that? Didn't you sign a lease?
Phoebe: (smiles) Show me the badge again.
Joey: Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
Ross: (To Chandler) How about you?
Larry: Great! How about you wanted to go the Italian place down on Bleaker Street right?
Larry: How about Mama Lisettie's?
Larry: (notices something) I wonder how long that milk (on the counter) has been setting out.
Phoebe: Oh, no-no, this place is totally healthy! That—this milk is mine. I bought this today, 'cause I was thirsty for milk, y'know. (She takes a swig of it, but has to turn away from him as she makes a face to show that it has gone bad.) Okay, let's go!
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Chandler and Joey are lamenting about how they kicked Ross out.]
Joey: I mean, it's not so much an underpant as it is a feat of engineering. I mean, it's amazing how much they can do with so little material! And the way they play with your mind! Is it there? Is it not there?
Rachel: Oh, you're not gonna tell the whole story about how your parents got divorced again are you?
Phoebe: (walks him to the kitchen) Easy. Step. How did it get on?
Big Nosed Rachel: Ugh! I cannot believe Chip dumped me for that slut Nancy Branson. I am never going out with him again. I don't care how much he begs!
Mr. Geller: What? Dr. Wilson's an artist! He removed my mole cluster. Wanna see? (He starts to show her as the doorbell rings.)
(She opens the door to reveal Chandler and Ross. Unfortunately, they seem to have their holidays mixed up. They think it's Halloween and they're going as Crockett and Tubbs from that legendary TV show of the late 80's, Miami Vice. God, we looked silly back then!)
Chandler: Yeah, we were just talking about that. I can't believe how stupid we used to look. (They both quickly push their sleeves over their elbows.)
Monica: Okay, so how do I make him think I wanna have sex with him?
The Teacher: How would you characterize the theme of this book, uh let's see here (looks at his attendance sheet), Rachel Green?
Phoebe: Well how would you know?! You didn't even read it!
Joey: Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
Rachel: Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time.
Joey: Of course it's true! How else would you explain all the weird stuff that's been going on?
Rachel: Okay, but if it only happened that one time, how come we found your underwear in our apartment the other day?
Joey: How could I not get the part? The play was about a 29-year-old Italian actor from Queens.
Monica: I just wanted to see how it's going.
[Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Joey is telling Ross how he didn't get the part.]
Joey: Hey, how do you spell suspicious? 
Joey: Hey-hey guys, hey! How about we settle this over a friendly game of Fireball? Huh? I'll go unhook the smoke detectors!
Ross: How about we settle this right now! (He rips up the tickets.) There! Now, no one's going to the game. Ha-ha-ha!
Monica: Hi, how are you doing Kelly?
Joey: All right, my New Year's resolution is to learn how to play the guitar.
Phoebe: Really?! How come?
Phoebe: Okay, lesson one: chords. Now, I don't know the actual names of the chords but umm, I-I-I made up names for the way my hand looks while I'm doing them. (She starts to show Joey the chords. Transcribers Note: For this one you'll have to use your imagination, 'cause it would take me 50 pages to describe each one. So if you want to see them, you'll have to wait for this episode to come to a TV near you.) (Holding up her hand and then reconfiguring her hand with each name.) So then, this is Bear Claw. Okay, umm, Turkey Leg and Old Lady. (Joey tries to imitate them.)
Joey: (To Ross) Uh, Rachel's here, so good luck man, let me know how it works out. (He hangs up the phone and strands Ross in the bathroom.)
Rachel: All right, how about I go over there and I will walk into Chandler's bedroom and I will see that thing that I think that I know is actually the thing that I think that I know! (Note: Kudos to Ms. Aniston on the delivery of that line. She said it very quickly and didn't screw up a word. Try it yourself, it ain't that easy.)
Rachel: Chandler and Monica?!! Oh, this is unbelievable!! How long have you known?
Rachel: Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
Monica: Y'know what really bothers me? Is—it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" (Mocks the fake laugh.) I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
Joey: That's right, he almost could. Which is exactly how I got stuck there.
Monica: Well. Sounds like you're writing yourself a little play there Rach. Wow! Let me know how that one turns out.
Kara: So how do you kids like your coffee?
Monica: (To Chandler) How does that laugh not give you a headache?
Ross: Are you sure? Because I can stay out as late as you want. I told you how I'm on sabbatical from work, right?
Monica: (to the guys) Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Joey: All right, then you'd better show me some of that too then.
Joey: See look, women, carrying the bag. (He puts it on his shoulder and looks at himself in the mirror and likes what he sees.) But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
Ross: Hey, how are you holding up?
Phoebe: So how did you know Francis?
Joey: (entering, with bag) Hey! I'm off to my audition. How do I look?
Joey: All right look, let me show you the catalog! (Does so.) See? Huh? It's the latest thing! Everyone's got one! Men! Women! Children! Everyone's carrying them!
Frank Sr.: I can't believe this. I just—I can't believe this. How-how—Oh my God. How long ago?
Frank Sr.: Well no, just-just that one. But, it was stupid. Let's see, how did it, how did it go. Umm. (Singing.) 
Chandler: Hey man, how did the audition go?
Ross: Oh my God! I love this apartment! Isn't it perfect?! I can't believe I never realized how great it is!
Joey: You mean how they're friends and nothing more? (Glares at Rachel.)
Rachel: (To Phoebe) So umm, how-how are we gonna mess with them?
Phoebe: I think it's just y'know that I haven't been with a guy in so long and how sometimes you're looking for something and you just don’t even see that it's right there in front of you sipping coffee—Oh no, have I said to much? Well it's just something to think about. I know I will.
(She makes a show of bending over to get her coat and showing off her bum. She then walks out, leaving no one to eat her cookie.)
Monica: You are so cute! How did you get to be so cute?
Ross: Good evening, sir. My name is Ross Geller. I'm one of the people who applied for the apartment. And I-I realize that the competition is fierce but—I'm sorry. I, I can't help but notice you're naked and (He claps his hands.) I applaud you. Man, I wish I was naked. I mean, this-this looks so great. That is how God intended it.
(As she walks away, Chandler mouths a scream to Monica. How motions and mouths, "It's okay, it's okay.")
Rachel: Show time!
Chandler: Okay, listen, how far am I gonna have to go with her?
Chandler: How do you know?!
(She makes a big show out of pulling out the cork and pours the wine.)
Joey: I like that! (To Phoebe) Oh, okay! Show him your bra! He's afraid of bras! Can't work 'em! (He swiftly rips open the front of Phoebe's dress revealing her bra.)
[Scene: The hallway, Ross is running up the stairs. Note: This show continues where the last one left off.]
Rachel: Well, Ross, we were worried about you. We didn't know how you were going to react.
Ross: (happily again) You were worried about me? You didn't know how I was going to react? (He hugs them both.)
Katie: Ohh, I love Chinese! How did you know I love Chinese?! (She hits him repeatedly as she says that.)
Chandler: Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Joey: Well look, I’m breaking up with Katie so I had to put on some extra padding. Y'know? I mean, if she hits me when she's happy, can you imagine how hard she's gonna hit me when I tell her I'm taking away the Joey love?
Phoebe: But somehow you came off as the bad guy.
Monica: (kneels with him) Chandler, umm, I want you to take just a minute and I want you to think about how ridiculous this sounds.
Chandler: Okay, how long is this going to go on.
Monica: Well I think the length of teasing is directly related to how insane you were so, a long time.
Chandler: Yeah, I think that's wrong, but there's a Connect the Dots in here for you later. (To Monica) Hey, how about maroon?
Phoebe: All right. Hold on. (She starts digging in the chair.) I got it. Nickel! (Donates it.) How much more do we need?
[Scene: A couch store, Ross is trying to decide on a new couch for his place. He has dragged Rachel along for the trip, and she's not too happy about it. Ross is sitting on it in different ways to see how it feels. He tries to just sit on it normally, and then he tries flopping on it. One thing about this couch, it's huge. It's like twice the size of a normal full size couch. Whoever designed this thing, needs help and fast.]
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Phoebe is telling Chandler and Monica how she fought crime in her own way with the badge she found.]
Chandler: You had a dream about a girl that I am seeing?! Oh, that is so cool! (To Monica) I can't tell you how many times I've dreamt about a girl that he was seeing. (Seeing Monica's stare.) (To Joey) Anyway we're talking about your dream. (To Monica) I love you. (To Joey) Your dream? (Leans in to listen closely.)
Joey: (in a sexy voice) How you doin'?
Ross: Look, I-I drew a sketch about how we're gonna do it. (Showing them) Okay Rach, (points to the sketch) that's you. That's the couch. (Points again.) 
Phoebe: Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
[The camera cuts to show the couch, which has been cut in half.]
Joey: (waving) Very funny Ross! Very life-like and funny. Okay. (Notices that a woman is waving back.) Oh no-no-no, I wasn't waving at you lady. (She just stares at him.) (Joey sees how beautiful she is.) Whoa, maybe I was! Hey, Monica, this totally hot girl in Ross's building is flirting with me.
Joey: Yeah, I-I-I'm down with that. (He turns back to the woman.) Okay, here goes. (Thinks.) How (Holds up his hand like an Indian) you (Points at her) a-doin'? (Does a little twisting motion with both hands and ends up pointing at her, he then winks. She smiles and waves again.) (To Monica) It worked! She's waving me over. (Towards the woman.) Okay, I-I-I'll be right over. Let's see, she's on the third floor…
Phoebe: So-so how long did that last for you and Chandler?
Rachel: Maybe. I-I don't know—Oh God, how could I be so stupid?!
Rachel: Okay-okay that-that's amazing. How did you know that?
Monica: (That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!) Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Rachel: Okay, well then how about a handshake? (She goes to shake his hand but misses and touches his groin.) Oh God I'm sorry! Oh God, I'm sorry! I did not mean to touch that—I mean you there. There. Uhh, okay, so thank-thank you, I'm going to leave now thank you very much uh-huh, thank you so—Hey! I'll see you Monday! (Exits.)
Ross: Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?
Joey: Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesn’t get it?
Monica: (To Rachel) How did work go?
Kim: Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!
Chandler: You wanna see flirting? I'll show you flirting. (Starts to move towards Ross.)
Ross: All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! (To Chandler) And not the one on the menu!
Monica: (following her) Phoebe! I have to have those earrings, we're going to leave as soon as the show is over.
Joey: (entering) Hey! Is the show still on?
Gary: How are you?
Chandler: How do you figure that?
Joey: Dude! How come you took off? 
Joey: Yeah! In fact, to prove how much you mean to me, (He unwraps the sandwich and holds it out for Chandler) here.
Joey: How good is that?
Chandler: I thought you were showing me how much you mean to me.
Rachel: Well, I-I-I don't know how this fits into your whole "seizing" thing but um, Emily called you today.
Ross: I wonder how I would react under fire, y'know? And not backfire but-but heavy fire, like I was in a war or something.
Ross: How much did you pay for that?
Ross: Yeah? How much?
Ross: (To Joey) Hey, you wanna get something to eat or uh, do you wanna see how long we can throw this ball back and forth? Huh?
Ross: …now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?!
Ross: How do you know? You don't have a watch.
Rachel: Show cat! Quality show cat! Show cat! (A woman approaches.)
Rachel: (makes some unintelligible sound to stop her from leaving) Obviously you know how to haggle, so I'm not gonna try and take you on. Okay? So $800 and I don't call the cops because you're robbing me blind! Blind! (Covers her eyes) Just take cat, leave the money, and run away! Run away! (Uncovers her eyes and sees that the woman has fled) Damnit! (To the cat) Cat, can't you at least smile or something?! (The cat hisses at her again, it sounds like Rachel) Okay, did anybody just hear that? Anybody?
Joey: Man that was great! Huh? Can you believe how long we threw that ball around?
Chandler: Y'know, how did I get this reputation as a dropper? Okay? I'm anything but a dropper. (We see various scenes of him dropping a football, a mug of coffee, the phone, an apple, a Frisbee, a record, and the final scene has a ball bouncing off of his chest. I'm not going to describe them, you'll have to see them.)
Chandler: How much did I love The King and I? (Oh, you get the point by now.)
Joey: Oh, I know how we can decide. Phoebe, show him your game!
Chandler: Yeah, listen, how cold is it going to be there? Do I need a coat or will all these sweater vests be enough? (Holds up 3 of them in different colors.)
Joey: Ooh, hey, I know how we can decide! All right, uh, I'm gonna ask you a bunch of questions and then you have to answer real fast. Okay? So uh, clear your mind Clear it right out! Clear it out! Clear!
Monica: How many fingers am I holding up? (She's not holding any up.)
Chandler: Y'know, he won't even talk to me. How am I going to apologize to him if he won't even talk to me?
Ross: (entering) Okay Pheebs, I know how we're going to figure this out. Okay, clear your mind and answer the first thing that comes into your head. Okay?
Joey: Uh, hang out?! How long?
Phoebe: Oh! Okay, that actually makes more sense. So how was it?
Monica: Oh, he just doesn't want us to go through any trouble. Think of how excited he'll be when we go out and surprise him! Plus we get to have our own, ani-Vegas-ary! A-Nevadaversary!
Chandler: How do you feel about the, "I really did forgot the present, please forgive me" not fake out?
Monica: It meant nothing! Okay? After all this time, how can you not trust me?
Ross: (loudly so that everyone can hear) Hey lady! I don't care how much you want it! Okay?! I am not gonna to have sex with you in the bathroom! (Rachel sinks lower on her chair trying to hide.)
Chandler: (interrupting in the nick of time) Joey, I uh! I can't believe this is how I'm spending my anniversary.
Joey: This is Vegas man! People will pay to see freaky stuff! Okay, how much would you pay to see this hand (Holds up his left hand) twice? Huh?
Phoebe: How do you know about this?
Ross: My nana used to do it. That's how she paid for all my dance—karate lessons.
Joey: Okay. Well, if that's how you feel about it, fine! None of you get to live with me in my great big hand-shaped mansion! Except uh, you Pheebs. You can live in the thumb.
Joey: Okay! (Walks away, then turns back.) How you doin'?
Joey: Yeah! I'm fine! Thanks! (He starts to leave, but gets an idea and stops.) Hey Rach, how you doin'?
Rachel: I'm doin' good, baby. How you doin'?
Phoebe: How about we talk about this over dinner?
