Monica: Was he wearing a stunning blue suit? 
Ross: Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
Ross: Was your basket on top?
Monica: Was it...?
Rachel: Pete the Weeper? Remember that guy who used to cry every time we had sex. (imitating) "Was it good for you?"
Chandler: Was it formerly owned by a blonde woman and some bears?
Rachel: Was that the cake?
Rachel: Was that all you wanted to ask me?
Chandler: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Ross: Was there...uh, huh, huh, huh... andybody, anybody else there.
Joey: So, tell me. Was it like you and Chandler, and then you and me, or you and me and Chandler?
ROSS: Well, then, I think, I think the guy is scum. I hate him. I physically hate him. I always have. You are way too good to be with a guy like that. You deserve to be with someone who appreciates you, and who gets how funny and sweet and amazing, and adorable, and sexy you are, you know? Someone who wakes up every morning thinking "Oh my god, I'm with Rachel". You know, someone who makes you feel good, the way I am with Julie. Was there a second of all?
PHOE: Ok, all right, let's hear about the kiss. Was it like, was it like a soft brush against your lips? Or was it like a, you know, a "I gotta have you now" kind of thing?
JOEY: Well OK then. [oven timer goes off behind Chandler] Was that the oven timer?
RICHARD: Ooh, duct tape. Was I supposed to bring something too?
Monica: Was he crying?
Joey: Question. Was ah, 'Egg the Gellers!' the war cry of your neighbourhood?
Rachel: Yeah. Oh! Was how you invented the cotton gin?!
Chandler: Was it like a sneeze only better?
Monica: Oh my God! Ross, are you in England? Was Emily surprised?
Rachel: Was she good?
Gunther: I’m sorry. Was I not supposed to?
Rachel: ...And so then I realized. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn’t come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
Joey: (interrupting) Was his name Angus? (Monica and Chandler laugh.)
Ross: What? What? Was that a joke? 'Cause it's mean.
Joey: (sitting back down) Was the chord at least right…
Ross: (To All) Was I talking to her about gas?
The Security Guard: (To Phoebe) Was it her quarter?
