Phoebe: Just, 'cause, I don't want her to go through what I went through with Carl- oh!
Chandler: All of a sudden, the phone starts to ring. Now I don't know what to do, everybody starts looking at me. 
Joey: Alright Ross, look. You're feeling a lot of pain right now. You're angry. You're hurting. Can I tell you what the answer is?
[Scene: Monica's Apartment, everyone is there and watching a Spanish Soap on TV and are trying to figure out what is going on.]
Rachel: C'mon Daddy, listen to me! It's like, it's like, all of my life, everyone has always told me, 'You're a shoe! You're a shoe, you're a shoe, you're a shoe!'. And today I just stopped and I said, 'What if I don't wanna be a shoe? What if I wanna be a- a purse, y'know? Or a- or a hat! No, I'm not saying I want you to buy me a hat, I'm saying I am a ha- It's a metaphor, Daddy!
Phoebe: What does that mean? Does he sell it, drink it, or just complain a lot? (Chandler doesn't know.)
Joey: Ross, let me ask you a question. She got the furniture, the stereo, the good TV- what did you get?
Rachel: Barry, I'm sorry... I am so sorry... I know you probably think that this is all about what I said the other day about you making love with your socks on, but it isn't... it isn't, it's about me, and I ju- (She stops talking and dials the phone.) Hi, machine cut me off again... anyway...look, look, I know that some girl is going to be incredibly lucky to become Mrs. Barry Finkel, but it isn't me, it's not me.  And not that I have any idea who me is right now, but you just have to give me a chance too... (The maching cuts her off again and she redials.)
Chandler: You must stop! (Chandler hits what he is working on with a hammer and it collapses.)
Ross: You know what the scariest part is? What if there's only one woman for everybody, y'know? I mean what if you get one woman- and that's it? Unfortunately in my case, there was only one woman- for her...
Joey: What are you talking about? 'One woman'? That's like saying there's only one flavor of ice cream for you. Lemme tell you something, Ross. There's lots of flavors out there. There's Rocky Road, and Cookie Dough, and Bing! Cherry Vanilla. You could get 'em with Jimmies, or nuts, or whipped cream! This is the best thing that ever happened to you! You got married, you were, like, what, eight? Welcome back to the world! Grab a spoon!
Monica: Yeah... yeah, I think there is. -What were you gonna say?
Monica: I know being spit on is probably not what you need right now. Um... how long?
Joey: That wasn't a real date?! What the hell do you do on a real date?
Monica: What for?
Rachel: Hey Mon, look what I just found on the floor. (Monica smiles.) What? 
Ross: I just grabbed a spoon. (Ross exits and Monica has no idea what that means.) 
Joey: I can't believe what I'm hearing here. 
Phoebe: (sings) I can't believe what I'm hearing here... 
Phoebe: (sings) What I said you had... 
Monica: What you guys don't understand is, for us, kissing is as important as any part of it. 
Monica: What does she mean by 'involved'? 
Rachel: So what are you gonna do? 
Ross: I have no idea. No matter what I do, though, I'm still gonna be a father. 
Mrs. Geller: What that Rachel did to her life.... We ran into her parents at the club, they were not playing very well. 
Mr. Geller: I'm not gonna tell you what they spent on that wedding... but forty thousand dollars is a lot of money! 
Ross: (pulls his hand away) Okay! Okay. (To his parents) Look, I, uh- I realise you guys have been wondering what exactly happened between Carol and me, and, so, well, here's the deal. Carol's a lesbian. She's living with a woman named Susan. She's pregnant with my child, and she and Susan are going to raise the baby. 
Ross: Well, y'know, these people are pros. They know what they're doing, they take their time, they get the job done. 
Chandler: What does she do? 
Barry: Sorry about that. So. What have you been up to? 
[Scene: Carol's OB/GYN, they're still arguing about what to name the baby.] 
Susan: Yeah, and we all know what a challenge that is! 
Susan: Oh, no, nonononono, you see what he's doing? He knows no-one's gonna say all those names, so they'll wind up calling her Geller, then he gets his way! 
Joey: What are we supposed to be seeing here? 
Ross: (walks over to where Monica is standing) Monica. What do you think? 
(The gang swaps all the drinks for what they ordered as Phoebe enters.  She sits down without saying hi.)
Monica: What did they do to you? 
Joey: What are you talking about? Keep it! 
Phoebe: Okay. Okay, let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. Do you know what I'd hear, with every step I took? 'Not-mine. Not-mine. Not-mine.' And even if I was happy, okay, and, and skipping- 'Not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine, not-not-mine'... 
Rachel: Chandler, what are you doing? 
Ross: What is this?! 
Ross: Hold on a second, alright? Just think about what you went through the last time you quit. 
Monica: No. Not after what happened with Steve. 
Chandler: What are you talking about? We love Schhteve! Schhteve was schhexy!.. Sorry. 
Rachel: What bank is this? 
Joey: Know what was great? The way his smile was kinda crooked. 
Ross: ...What shoe? 
Rachel: What future boyfriends? Nono, I th- I think this could be, y'know, it. 
Ross: You know what I like most about him, though? 
Lizzie: Weird Girl, what are you doing? 
Chandler: So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? 
Phoebe: Yeah, 'cause otherwise someone might get what they actually ordered. 
Ross: Don't you realise what you're-you're doing to yourself? 
Phoebe: And on my way over here, I stepped in gum. ...What is up with the universe?! 
Ross: Yeah, see.. you took mine. Chandler, what about you? 
Monica: Hey, Joey, what would you do if you were omnipotent? 
Phoebe: (waking and startling them) Oh! What what what! ...Hi. 
Ross: What are you doing? 
Rachel: What are you guys doing here? 
Rachel: I'm not! This is what I'm doing now. I've got this job- 
Rachel: Oh, God, ask them what they want. 
Monica: (on phone) Could you please tell me what this is in reference to? (Listens) Yes, hold on. (To Rachel) Um, they say there's been some unusual activity on your account. 
Rachel: Monica, what is so amazing? I gave up, like, everything. And for what? 
Rachel: Okay, but Monica, what if- what if it doesn't come together? 
Rachel: Okay, see, see, you guys, what if we don't get magic beans? I mean, what if all we've got are.. beans? 
Rachel: (miserably) No, no, that's not what we ordered... We ordered a fat-free crust with extra cheese. 
Joey: He's right, enough, already. What is the big deal about today? So you slept with her for the first time, so what? You slept with her for seven years after that. 
Chandler: Well, what? What? What is it? That she left you? That she likes women? That she left you for another woman that likes women? 
Joey: Ok, you know what blows my mind? Women can see breasts any time they want. You just look down and there they are. How you get any work done is beyond me.
Phoebe: Oh, ok, you know what I don't get? The way guys can do so many mean things, and then not even care.
Ross: So, uh, Rachel, what are you, uh, what're you doing tonight?
Angela: What four of us?
Ross: Ok, ok, now what is wrong with my Snuggles? What, it says I'm a sensitive, warm kinda guy, you know, like a warm, fuzzy bear. Ok, I can pick something else up on the way.
Monica: Thank you. So what does this Bob guy look like? Is he tall? Short?
Rachel: (holds a pair of panties in front of Ross) Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Joey: You're a lucky man. You know what I miss the most about her? That cute nibbly noise when she eats. Like a happy little squirrel, or a weasel.
Angela: You know what else? He's unbelievable in bed.
Rachel: What uh-oh?
Rachel: Except it didn't. It happened to me. Oh, god, I'm gonna look like a big marshmallow peep. What am I doing? What am I doing? My father's right. I can't live on my own! I can't even do laundry!
Monica: Oh my god, what were you thinking?
Phoebe: (seeing Rachel's clothes) What a neat idea. All your clothes match. I'm gonna do this.
Ross: What a beautiful story. Hey, I'm fine by the way.
What you envy's a schwang,
Chandler: Oh yeah, and what would my opening line be? 'Excuse me. Blarrglarrghh.'
Chandler: Yes, yes I did, but what I didn't say was what I was about to say, what I wanted to say was, uh... would you like to go out with me sometime, thankyou, goodnight. (He walks back to the others but she calls him back.) 
Rachel: What is it?
Aurora: ...Luckily none of the bullets hit the engine block. So, we made it to the border, but just barely, and I- ...I've been talking about myself all night long, I'm sorry. What about you? Tell me one of your stories.
Chandler: So explain something to me here, uh, what kind of a relationship do you imagine us having if you already have a husband and a boyfriend?
Chandler: What 'not work out'? I'm seeing her again on Thursday. Didn't you listen to the story?
Rachel: Look! I cleaned! I did the windows, I did the floors... I even used all the attachments on the vacuum, except that little round one with the bristles, I don't know what that's for.
Monica: Yeah, yeah, it's interesting.. but y'know what? Just for fun, let's see what it looked like in the old spot. (She moves it.) Alright, just to compare. Let's see. Well, it looks good there too. Let's just leave it there for a while.
Joey: What do you think? Today's the big day!
Monica: Oh my God. Okay, go into the bathroom, use whatever you want, just don't ever tell me what you did in there.
Director: And cut. Hey, Butt Guy, what the hell are you doing?
Director: I think his butt would like to get this shot before lunch. Once again, rolling... water working... and action....and cut. What was that?
Chandler: Oh, so what you're saying is you're not completely fulfilled by Rick, Ethan and myself?
Aurora: No, that's not exactly what I was..
Aurora: So what do you want?
Aurora: Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
Ross: No? What happened, big guy?
Phoebe: Hi. Um, I want to start with a song thats about that moment when you suddenly realize what life is all about. OK, here we go. (plays a chord, then the lights go out) OK, thank you very much.
Chandler: Yeah, I'm fine. (trying to cover up what he is saying) I'm trppd in an ATM vstbl wth Jll Gdcr.
Monica: I have no idea what you just said.
Monica: Oh my God! What were you doing in a library?
Ross: Pheebs, what about you?
Ross: It is. Eventually, it kind of... burns out. But hopefully, what you're left with is trust, and security, and... well, in the case of my ex-wife, lesbianism. So, you know, for all of those people who miss out on that passion... thing, there's all that other good stuff.
Joey: Priesthood! Look Ross, I'm telling you, she has no idea what you're thinking. If you don't ask her out soon you're going to end up stuck in the zone forever.
Rachel: What are you shushing?
Chandler: Oh, then no thanks. What the hell was that? Mental note: If Jill Goodacre offers you gum, you take it. If she offers you mangled animal carcass, you take it.
Phoebe: What surprise party?
Chandler: (chewing gum) Ah, let's see. What next? Blow a bubble. A bubble's good. It's got a... boyish charm, it's impish. Here we go.
Ross: Wha-What did he say that was so funny?
Rachel: (to Monica and Phoebe) Oh my God, you guys, what am I doing? What am I doing? This is so un-me!
Chandler: Well, this is fascinating. So, uh, what is it about me?
Chandler: WHAT IS IT?!
Ross: Oh! ...Yeah, they were gross. Oh, you know what I loved? Her Sweet 'n' Los. How she was always stealing them from- from restaurants.
Mrs. Geller: What is going on?!
Rachel: (exasperated) Yes, Chandler, that's exactly what it is. It's your hair.
Monica: That's probably what they'll say.
Chandler: So, uh... what do you think it is about me?
Phoebe: God, what a great day. ...What? Weather-wise!
Ross: What, what is it?
Monica: Well, sure, what with it being her funeral and all.
Mrs. Geller: Do you know what it's like to grow up with someone who is critical of every single thing you say?
Mrs. Geller: I'm not sure I know what you're getting at.
Chandler: Good, good. Listen, heh, I dunno what Shelley told you about me, but, uh... I'm not.
Lowell: I know. That's what I told her.
Rachel: Ok, I, I hear what you're sayin'. I'm with you. Um, but I, but I'm trying really hard. And I think I'm doing better. I really do. Does anybody need coffee? (everyone in the place raises their hand) Oh, look at that.
Phoebe: What were you modeling for?
Rachel: Wait, wait, Chandler, this is what you're havin' for Thanksgiving dinner? What, what, what is it with you and this holiday?
Girl: Really? You don't know what that means to me.
(Joey turns around and sees his face on a poster in the subway. The poster says: What Mario isn't telling you...V.D., you never know who might have it. A variety of scenes are shown with the poster displayed all over New York City.)
Ross: And everyone's telling me, you gotta pick a major, you gotta pick a major. So, on a dare, I picked paleontology. And you have no idea what I'm saying, because, let's face it, you're a fetus. You're just happy you don't have gills anymore.
Monica: Why? Because everything is my responsibility? Isn't it enough that I'm making Thanksgiving dinner for everyone? You know, everyone wants a different kind of potatoes, so I'm making different kinds of potatoes. Does anybody care what kind of potatoes I want? Nooooo, no, no! (starting to cry) Just as long as Phoebe gets her peas and onions, and Mario gets his tots, and it's my first Thanksgiving, and it's all burned, and, and I... I...
Chandler: I'd like to propose a toast. Little toast here, ding ding. I know this isn't the kind of Thanksgiving that all of you all planned, but for me, this has been really great, you know, I think because it didn't involve divorce or projectile vomiting. Anyway, I was just thinking, I mean, if you'd gone to Vail, and if you guys'd been with your family, if you didn't have syphilis and stuff, we wouldn't be all together, you know? So I guess what I'm trying to say is that I'm very thankful that all of your Thanksgivings sucked.
Monica: W-wait. What is that?
Monica: So what are you gonna be?
Rachel: Hey, do you guys know what you're doing for New Year's? (They all protest and hit her with cushions) Gee, what?! What is wrong with New Year's?
David: Okay, what the hell, what the hell. (Sweeps the remaining papers off the desk and grabs Phoebe) You want me to actually throw you or you-you wanna just hop?
Ross: So tell me something. What does the phrase 'no date pact' mean to you?
Ross: Hey, y'know, this is so not what I needed right now.
Ross: What, uh... what juggling thing?
David: I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do. I just- you decide.
Phoebe: Oh yes, yes, yes you can. Just say, um, 'Phoebe, my work is my life and that's what I have to do right now'. And I say 'your work?! Your work?! How can you say that?!'. And then you say, um, 'it's tearing me apart, but I have no choice. Can't you understand that?'. And I say (Hits him) 'no! No! I can't understand that!'.
Monica: Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Monica: Phoebe, what are you doing?
Phoebe: Oh! And, he's the kinda guy who, when you're talking, he's listening, y'know, and not saying 'Yeah, I understand' but really wondering what you look like naked.
Jay Leno: (on TV) ...Now what is this about you-you being arrested i-in London? What is that all about?
Phoebe: What about Glen? He could be a Glen. 
Mrs. Bing: I am famished. What do I want... (Looks at Chandler's menu)
Ross: (Entering) What is this dive? Only you could've picked this place.
(Enter Rachel and Paolo. They are both somewhat flustered)
Mrs. Bing: What is with you tonight?
Ross: What code?
Chandler: What are you guys doing out here?
Monica: (Entering) What are you guys doing here?
Monica: ...What did I ask?
Monica: What are you doing here?
Phoebe: Nothing, I just thought I'd stop by.. y'know, after the uh... that I.. y'know, so what are you doing here?
Joey: Hey, hey, hey, you're lucky I caught them when I did, or else who knows what woulda happened.
Chandler: (To Ross) I can't believe this! What the hell were you thinking?
Joey: What are you mad at me for?!
Joey: (Shouting after him) Chandler, I didn't kiss her, he did! (To Ross) See what happens when you break the code?
Chandler: What was that?
Coma Guy: Well, what do you want me to say?
Monica: Aunt Syl, I did this as a favor, I am not a caterer. What do you want me to do with a dozen lasagnas? (listens to Aunt Syl on phone, looks shocked) Nice talk, Aunt Syl. (in New York accent) You kiss Uncle Freddie with that mouth?
Ross: ...nauseous, I'm physically nauseous. What am I supposed to do, huh? Call immigration? (pauses, looks suddenly inspired) I could call immigration!
Susan: Oh, well, is it what we thought it would be?
Ross: Ok, what, what...ok, what did we think it was going to be? 
Chandler: What rule? There's no rule, if anything, you owe me a table!
Chandler: What do you mean, like, buy it together?
Chandler: Well, it's a pretty big commitment, I mean, what if one of us wants to move out?
Phoebe: Oh, Paolo, hi, what are you doing here?
Phoebe: Oh, okay, I don't know what you just said, so let's get started.
Monica: Phoebe, what is it?
Monica: Well, what happened?
Chandler: So what are you gonna do?
Chandler: (gesturing towards another table) What about the birds?
Chandler: So, what do you think?
Phoebe: No, wait, oh, what are we sorry about?
Chandler: What are you still doing here? She just broke up with the guy, it's time for you to swoop in!
Chandler: My Catholic friend is right. She's distraught. You're there for her. You pick up the pieces, and then you usher in the age of Ross! (Ross and Chandler look off into the distance. Joey, wondering what they are looking at, looks in the same direction)
Monica: Paolo, I really hate you for what you did to Rachel, (hands him a lasagna) but I still have five of these, so heat it at 375 until the cheese bubbles.
Ross: Come here. (he hugs Rachel) Listen, you deserve so much better than him...you know, I mean, you, you, you should be with a guy who knows what he has when he has you.
Ross: See, Rach, uh, see, I don't think that swearing off guys altogether is the answer. I really don't. I think that what you need is to develop a more sophisticated screening process.
Rachel: No. I just need to be by myself for a while, you know? I just got to figure out what I want
Joey and Chandler: What is it?
Ross: You what? Wh what were you doing seeing her boobies?
Mr. Tribbiani: (To Phoebe) What happened to the, uh, puppet guy?
Ross: What, so he was a little analytical. That's what he does, y'know? C'mon, he's not that bad.
Ross: Nonono, thatthat's not what I was saying...
Monica: Y'know, all these years, I thought you were on my side. But maybe what you were doing was sucking up to Mom and Dad so they'd keep liking you better!
Mr. Tribbiani: What kinda change?
Joey: Y'know what I mean, about how I'm always going out with all these women. And I always figured, when the right one comes along, I'd be able to be a stand-up guy and go the distance, y'know? Now I'm looking at my dad, thinking...
Mrs. Tribbiani: Of course I knew! What did you think? Your father is no James Bond. You should've heard some of his cover stories. "I'm sleeping over at my accountant's," I mean, what is that? Please!
Joey: Ma, I don't mean to be disrespectful, but... what the hell are you talking about?! I mean, what about you?
Joey: Ma, I'm sorry. I just did what I thought you'd want.
Rachel: What happened?
Monica: Joey!! What the hell were you doing?!
Rachel: Well, what are you guys doing tomorrow night?
Lorraine: Hi, Joey. Well well, look what you brought. Very nice.
Chandler: ...And what did you bring?
Monica: Ok, well, what kind of ritual?
Chandler: (disgusted) What? What can't you do?
Joey: She said she wants to slather my body with stuff and then lick it off. I'm not even sure what slathering is, but I definitely want to be a part of it.
Chandler: Oh, what a crappy night!
Ross: So, um, what do you do for a living?
Fireman No. 1: What do we got there?
Fireman No. 2: A piece of something: boxer shorts, greeting cards, and what looks like a half-charred picture—Wow, that guy's hairier than the Chief!
Ross: No, it's just...you know the whole "getting on with your life" thing. Well, do I have to? I mean, I'm sitting here with this cute woman, and, and, and she's perfectly nice, and, but that there's, that's it. And um, and then I'm here talkin' to you, and, and it's easy, and it's fun, and, and I don't, I don't have to...You know, here's a wacky thought. Um, what's say you and I give it another shot? No no no, I know what you're gonna say, you're a lesbian. But what do you say we just put that aside for now you know? Let's just stick a pin in it, ok? Because, we're great together, you know. You can't deny it. Besides, you're carrying my baby. I mean, how perfect is that? But see, you know, you keep sayin' that, but there's somethin' right here. I love you.
All: What is it?
Chandler: If I took this promotion, it'd be like admitting that this is what I actually do.
Chandler: I don't know. That's the thing. I don't know what I want to do. I just know I'm not going to figure it out working there.
Monica: Well, what kind of food is he looking for?
Phoebe: Yeah, I know! (turns to Chandler) So, what do you think?
Chandler: Hey, you guys all know what you want to do.
Chandler: Hey, you guys in the living room all know what you want to do. You know, you have goals. You have dreams. I don't have a dream.
Rachel: What are you going to make?
Rachel: (pause) And Monica, what are you going to make?
Phoebe: Ooh! I know what you could make! (runs over to join Monica and Rachel in the kitchen) I know! Oh, you should definitely make that thing... you know, with the stuff? (Monica doesn't know.) You know, that thing... with the stuff...? OK, I don't know. (sits down)
Rachel: So what are you guys going to do?
Rachel: My God! What happened to you?
Chandler: Eight and a half hours of aptitude tests, intelligence tests, personality tests... and what do I learn? (he taps the results and reads them) "You are ideally suited for a career in data processing for a large multinational corporation."
Monica: (on phone) Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Wendy! (Listens) Yeah, eight o'clock. (Listens) What did we say? Ten dollars an hour?... (Listens) OK, great. (Listens) All right, I'll see you then. Bye. (hangs up)
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey and Ross are there, discussing what happened last night.]
Joey: What's the big deal? You just say what you want to do to her. Or what you want her to do to you. Or what you think other people might be doing to each other. I'll tell you what. Just try something on me.
Joey: Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
Joey: ....yeah... what else?
Steve: You know, I don't know what I'm looking for. 
Joey: What a tool!
Chandler: (on phone) Yes, Fran. I know what time it is, but I'm looking at the WENUS and I'm not happy!... (Listens) Oh, really, really, really? Well, let me tell you something... you will care about it, because I care about it! You got it? Good! (slams phone down, then leans back and realizes what just happened) Whooooaaaa....
Phoebe: What about this? (she starts using her elbows on his back, he yells in pain)
Chandler: Wait, wait! Wh-what are you doing here?
Phoebe: It’s mostly just dumb sister stuff, you know, I mean, like, everyone always thought of her as the pretty one, you know... Oh, oh, she was the first one to start walking, even though I did it... later that same day. But, to my parents, by then it was like "yeah, right, well what else is new?"
Ross: I see. So what do you propose to do?
Chandler: So what does this mean?
Rachel: So Pheebs, what do you want for your birthday?
Phoebe: Well, what I really want is for my mom to be alive and enjoy it with me.
Jamie: What is this place?
Fran: Err... we know what we want.
(Mr. Douglas screws up his eyes, trying to credit what Bing has just said, but turning to follow Nina down the corridor, he realises Bing must be telling the truth, since he would not have any personal interest in the girl, would he?)
Susan: What is, honey?
Carol: What that woman... did. I am not doin’ that. It’s just gonna have to stay in, that’s all, everything will be the same, it’ll just stay in.
Carol: (Turning on Ross) OH, WHAT DO YOU KNOW? NO-ONE’S GOING UP TO YOU AND SAYING, "HI, IS THAT YOUR NOSTRIL? MIND IF WE PUSH THIS POT ROAST THROUGH IT?"
(Both women gulp in air. Ross looks at his "football," then manipulates the head & limbs back into place, until it resembles what it represents.)
Susan: I mean, that’s what this is all about, right? Ross? Ross?
Phoebe: Well, but that’s what he was for me. And she you know, kind of stole him away, and then... broke his heart... and then he wouldn’t even talk to me any more. Because he said he didn’t wanna be around... anything that looked like either one of us.
Monica: Rachel, what are you doing? It’s freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
Rachel: Wel-wel-well what are we gonna do?
Chandler: What are you crazy? That's a baby!
Ross: Wo-wo-whoa. What about Phoebe's birthday?
Joey: What can I do? Look, I don't want to do anything to screw it up with Ursula.
Chandler: Alright, what have we learned so far?
Ross: What the hell are you doing? You scared the crap outta me.
Mr. Geller: No. Your mother really did the work. I was busy with the business. I wasn't around that much. Is that what this is about?
Rachel (as Monica): You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... (They don't know what to do with their coats and Monica points to the living room) STAT!
Dr. Rosen: So, Monica, what do you do?
(The doctors don't know what to make of all this.)
Monica: I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!
Ross: No, no you don't understand the animal hospital is way across town he's choking I don't know what else to do.
Joey: I don't get it. What happened? What about everything you said under the bridge?
Phoebe: (as Ursula): Yeah, um... (nervously clears her throat) You know you, you should just forget about what I said under the bridge, I was talkin' crazy that night, I was so drunk!
Chandler: Hey, come on, you came through, you did what you had to do. That is very dad.
(All of a sudden, Marcel grabs Ross's finger with his whole fist, and he squeezes it, so tight, that Ross finally knows what it is to be a father. He looks up at his friends, who smile encouragingly, Rachel tenderly resting her chin upon Monica's shoulder. Ross realises that Chandler was right and he's gonna make a great dad!)
Phoebe: Yeah, what is that? Like, some kind of guy thing? Like, some kind of sexist guy thing? Like it's poker, so only guys can play?
Phoebe: Oh, OK, so then what is it? Some kind of... you know, like, like... some kind of, y'know, like... alright, what is it?
Phoebe: A-ha! And... what is bluffing? Is it not another word for... lying?
Chandler: Oh, come on. What was with that whole Black Bart speech? (mimicking): "When I play poker, I'm not a nice guy!"
Rachel: (opening mail) Can you believe what a jerk Ross was being?
Phoebe: You guys, you know what I just realized? 'Joker' is 'poker' with a 'J.' Coincidence?
Rachel: Uh, I will see you... and I'll raise you. (throws chips in pot) What do you say... want to waste another buck?
(Rachel goes back and sits down. The rest don't know what to say.)
Rachel: What do you mean, you fold? Hey, come on! What is this? I thought that 'once the cards were dealt, I'm not a nice guy.' I mean, what, were you just full of it?
Rachel: Dealer takes two. (she deals herself two cards) What do you bet?
Chandler: (to Ross): What do you need, what do you need?
Ross: (to Rachel): OK, I am calling your seventeen. What do you got?
(Chandler and Joey look at her, and then look back at him. They dive for Ross's hand to see what he had, and he tries to stop them from looking.)
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, all six are playing Pictionary at Monica's apartment. Monica is drawing a picture, and the three guys are guessing. She draws what looks like an airplane.]
(Rachel starts drawing what looks like a bean.)
Monica: What is it?
Ross: Whoah, uh, what happened to, uh, 'Forget relationships! I'm done with men!' The whole, uh, penis embargo?
Chandler: Hey, y'know what you should do? You should take her back to the 1890's, when that phrase was last used.
Luisa: Ah, it's not so much you, you were fat, you had your own problems. (To Rachel) But you? What a bitch!
Monica: What is it?
Rachel: Ross, I said I'm sorry like a million times. What do you want me to do? You want me to break my foot too? Okay, I'm gonna break my foot, right here. (Kicks the sign) Ow!! Oh! Oh my God, oh my God! There, are you happy now?!
Mr. Heckles: What about it?
Chandler: Let her know I like her? What are you, insane? (The girls make disgusted noises.) It's the next day! How needy do I want to seem? (To the guys) I'm right, right?
Monica: That's what you've been working on for the past two hours?!
Ross: What was with the dishes?
Monica: What kinda stuff?
Chandler: What are you looking at me for? I didn't know that.
Rachel: Well, what about Mindy?
Rachel: No, not that, I mean, what about you and Mindy?
Barry: We can, we can go to Aruba! When I went there on what would have been our honeymoon, it was, uh... it was really nice. You would've liked it.
Ross: What, uh... what were you thinking?
Rachel: Please. If she said to you, "Ross, I want you on this couch, right here, right now," what would you say? 
Rachel: Please. I haven't heard from her in seven months, and now she calls me? I mean, what else is it about? Oh! She was my best friend, you guys! We went to camp together... she taught me how to kiss..
Rachel: Um, what- what would make you think that?
Mindy: Oh God! You see, that's what I was afraid of!
Rachel: What? What's what you were afraid of?
Mindy: I know. I know, and when he proposed to me, everyone said "Don't do it, he's just gonna do to you what he did to Rachel," and now I feel so stupid.
Mindy: What do you mean?
Rachel: What are you talking about?! Mindy, the guy is the devil! He's Satan in a smock!
Chandler: What are you doing here?
Chandler: Wow, what a geek. They spent $69.95 on a Wonder Mop.
Chandler: Well, that's what we said about Joey...
Monica: Hi. (On the phone) Hi, uh, yes, this is Monica Geller. Um, I believe I'm taking some classes with you and I was wondering what they were.
Phoebe: What are you doing?
Monica: What d'you think?
Rachel: What does she mean?
Chandler: So what does this mean?
Fake Monica: I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Rachel: Okay Monica, what are you doing? You're gonna lose your job! This is not you!
Monica: I just can't believe you're in here. I mean, what am I gonna do without you? Who's gonna crash the embassy parties with me? Who's gonna take me to the Big Apple Circus?
Fake Monica: Yes necessarily! I mean, I dunno what it is, maybe it's the Amish thing.
Joey: I dunno what to say, Ross. Uh, it's a monkey.
Ross: Just, just say what you feel.
All: Oh, sure. Sure, absolutely. (They just stand there, then realise what he means and go to the other end of the room)
Joey: I don't know. What are you wearing?
Phoebe: What... I could, I could do it. What is it?
Rachel: What are you playing with?
Joey: What the hell does a paleontologist need a beeper for?
Phoebe: Will he know what this is in reference to? (Listens) And he has your number? (Listens) All right, I'll see that he gets the message. Bye bye.
Phoebe: This is so fun. All right, what do we do now?
Chandler: See, it pays to know the man who wears my shoes. (Joey and Ross wonder what he means) Me.
Chandler: What are you talking about?
Young Ethan: Well, if that's what you kids are calling it these days then, yes I am. I uh, I've kinda been waiting for the right person.
Monica: But I figured, you know, that shouldn't change anything. I mean, what the hell does it matter how old we are.
Monica: What we did was wrong. Oh god, I just had sex with somebody that wasn't alive during the Bicentennial.
Monica: Well, that's different. My lie didn't make one of us a felon in 48 states. What were you thinking?
(Monica enters, wearing a walkman, so she doesn't hear what the others say)
Phoebe: Well, then you should come tonight. You know, just hang out with them. Let them see what a great guy you still are.
Phoebe: Well, you know what Chandler? I think you've gotta face it. You're like, the guy in the big office, you know. You're the one that hires them, that fires them... They still say you're a great boss.
Joey: What about Andr?
Chandler: (doing a little dance) Hey Ross, look what I've got going here. 
Ross: What are you doing? We're going to a hospital.
Ross: What is that? (refering to the sandwich)
Monica: Joey, what are you gonna do when you have a baby?
Chandler: (to Rachel) You see what I mean.
Chandler: All right. I'll tell you what. When we're 40, if neither one of us are married, what do you say you and I get together and have one?
Monica: What is it? Is there something fundamentally unmarriable about me?
Rachel: Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. (Pause) What if the baby needs him?
Chandler: Rachel, what is the deal with you and doctors, anyway? Was, like, your father a doctor? 
Lydia: Mom, we've been through this. No, I'm not calling him. I don't care if it is his kid, the guy's a jerk. No, I'm not alone. Joey's here. (pause) What do you mean, Joey who? (covers the phone, to Joey) Joey who?
Joey: You know what the Celtics problem is? They let the players run the team.
Ross: What? Whoa, whoa whoa whoa, what do you mean, back to Jordie? We never landed on Jordie. We just passed by it during the whole Jessy, Cody, Dylan fiasco.
Susan: (to Ross) See what you did.
Joey: Ew! What is that? Something exploded!
Joey: (panicked) Water breaking, what do you mean? What's that, water breaking?
Susan: You know what your problem is? You're threatened by me.
Monica: Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. (Listens) Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. (Listens) No, he's gone. (Listens) No no, you don't have to fly back, really. (Listens) What do you mean this might be your only chance? (Listens) Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet. 
Dr. Franzblau: I try not to let my work affect my personal life, but it's hard, when you... do what I do. It's like uh...Well, for instance, what do you do?
Ross: No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Susan: What do you see?
Phoebe: Well, Susan, I see what appears to be a dark vent. Wait. Yes, it is in fact a dark vent.
Susan: What do you see? What do you see?
Carol: What does he look like?
Susan: That's what we were off doing.
Ross: (overhearing) What kind of research?
Monica: Yeah? What does she think of your little science project?
Joey: Yeah, well, I still got a week left to go in the program, and according to the rules, if I want to get the money I'm not allowed to conduct any... ersonal experiments, if you know what I mean.
Monica: Joey... we always know what you mean.
Joey: Well, not so good. She definitely thinks tonight is the night we're gonna... complete the transaction, if you know what I...
Joey: What do you mean?
Rachel: What did you just say?
Rachel: No! None! I mean, my first night in the city, he mentioned something about asking me out, but nothing ever happened, so I just... (to Joey): W-well, what else did he say? I mean, does he, like, want to go out with me?
Chandler: What about the time difference?
Man: (to wife): Toby... Oh, for God's sake, I don't know what she's talking about! There's no Rachel! Don't give me that deep freeze.
Rachel: I don't know. I don't know... I thought about it all the way there, and I thought about it all the way back... and, uh, oh, you guys, y'know, it's Ross. Y'know what I mean? I mean, it's Ross.
Monica: Oh my God, me too! Oh! Oh, we'd be like friends-in-law! Y'know what the best part is? The best part is that you already know everything about him! I mean, it's like starting on the fifteenth date!
Phoebe: Well, I mean, then what happens if it doesn't work out?
Ross: I don't get it. What do you see in this guy, anyway?
Ross: Whoa, whoa, whoa. What makes you think we're gonna break up?
PHOEBE: Ok, so this is pretty much what's happened so far. Ross was in love with Rachel since, you know, forever, but every time he tried to tell her, something kind of got in the way, like cats, and Italian guys. Finally Chandler was like "forget about her" but when Ross was in China on his dig, Chandler let it slip that Ross was in love with Rachel. She was like, "Oh my god." So she went to the airport to meet him when he came back, but what she didn't know was, that Ross was getting off the plane with another woman. Uh-Oh! So, that's pretty much everything you need to know. But, enough about us. So, how've you been?
ROSS: It was, it was great. Oh, what happened?
ROSS: That's all right, Rache, we got the bags. Hi, hello. Julie, this is my sister Monica. This is Chandler.? Phoebe.? Joey, what up?? 
JOEY: What up?!
CHANDLER: So what the hell happened to you in China? I mean, when last we left you, you were totally in love with, you know.
RACHEL: Go go go go, come on! (to Chandler) So then, well, what did you find out?
MONICA: Phoebes, you know what I'm thinking?
MONICA: No, although now that's what I'm thinking.
PHOEBE: All right, so what were you thinking?
CHANDLER: Ok, I don't care what you guys say, something's bothering her.
CHANDLER: What stupid thing did you do?
ROSS: Hey, Paulo. What are you doing here?
JOEY: Hey, Chandler, when you see Frankie, tell him Joey Tribbiani says hello. He'll know what it means.
MONICA: I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Phoebe. It's just a little shorter than what we had discussed.
PHOEBE: Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
RACHEL: Come on. How can I just tell him? What about Julie?
JOEY: What about her? They've only been going out for two weeks. Ross has been in love with you for like 10 years.
ROSS: Yeah, that's kinda what I meant by "bye!"
ROSS: Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
ROSS: (following them into the kitchen) What are you guys doing?
RACHEL: (to Julie) Thank you. (under her breath to Chandler) What a bitch.
JOEY: Monica what're you doin'? You can't go shopping with her? What about Rachel?
PHOEBE: Oh, all right. What did I have?
CHANDLER: What did you just do?
JOEY: What is the big deal?
CHANDLER: What did you just do?
MONICA: You know what probably happened? Someone musta stolen my credit card.
RACHEL: Monica, what is with you? Who'd you have lunch with?
MONICA: Hi, who's this? Hi, Joanne. Is Rachel working? It's Monica. Yes, I know I did a horrible thing. Joanna, it's not as simple as all that, ok? No, I don't care what Steve thinks. Hi, Steve.
CHANDLER: What do you care? You're an actor. This is your day job. This isn't supposed to mean anything to you.
CHANDLER: You're damn right I'm right. I say you show this guy what you're made of. I say you stand your ground. I say you show him that you are the baddest hombre west of the lingerie.
MONICA: I don't know what else to say.
MONICA: Me? What are you talking about? Nobody could steal me from you. I mean, just because I'm friends with her doesn't make me any less friends with you. I mean, you're my...We're, we're...Oh, I love you.
STORE GUY: Oh my god, Todd! What the hell did you do?
ANNABELLE: My god, what happened?
JOEY: These new kids, they never last. Sooner or later, they all...stop lastin'. Listen, uh, what do you say I buy you that cup of coffee now?
RACHEL: All right, Julie. What a manipulative bitch.
MONICA: What can we do for you?
MONICA: Well, what about his family?
RACHEL: Well, what about my stuff?
PHOEBE: What is this obsessive need you have to make everyone agree with you? No, what's that all about? I think, I think maybe it's time you put Ross under the microscope.
JOEY: That's what it says.
CHANDLER: Look at this. Pictures of all the women that Heckles went out with. Look what he wrote on them. Vivian, too tall. Madge, big gums. Too loud, too smart, makes noise when she eats. This is, this is me. This is what I do. I'm gonna end up alone, just like he did.
JOEY: All right, you know what we gotta do? We gotta get you outta here. Come on, I'll buy you breakfast, let's go.
CHANDLER: What if I never find someone? Or worse, what if I've found her, but I dumped her because she pronounced it "supposably"?
JOEY: Well, I don't know. I don't know what we're gonna be doin'. I mean, what if we're at her folks' place?
MONICA: Hey, Rache. You know what we haven't played in a while?
MONICA: No, honey, in a wonderful way. You know what you want now. Most guys don't even have a clue. You are ready to take risks, you are ready to be vulnerable, and intimate with someone.
RACHEL: What you got there? Something else that's not yours that you can break?
MONICA: Of course I wouldn't approve, I mean, you were totally in love with this guy who, hello, was gay. I mean, what the hell were you thinking?
MONICA: What have I not told you?
ROSS: Joey, what did you think a nubbin was?
JOEY: I don't know, you see somethin', you hear a word, I thought that's what it was. Let me see it again.
JOEY: What happens if you flick it?
RACHEL: No, no, no, no I don't think it's weird, I think, I think umm, in fact, in fact you know what I think?
RACHEL: Oh yeah. In fact you know what I'd do?
RACHEL: What did, what did he say?
ROSS: Basically he told me to get over myself and just do it, ya know. So I though about what you said and I though about what he said and, well, his way I get to have sex tonight so. . .
RACHEL: Great, people having sex, that's just what I need to see.
JOEY: Shh, OK, here I come, here I come. See I'm comin' to fix the copier, I can't get to the copier, I'm thinkin' what do I do, what do I do. . . so I just watch 'em have sex. And then I say, wait, here's my line, [Joey from TV] you know that's bad fo r the paper tray.
DUNCAN: I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
PHOEBE: I, I don't know what to say. I mean, you know, you're married to someone for six years and you think you know him and then one day says, 'Oh, I'm not gay.'
RACHEL: Maybe that's all we do, what about Julie?
JULIE: What about Julie?
RACHEL: Well, you have been in our lives for nearly two months now and we don't really know you. I mean, who is Julie? I mean, what do you like, what don't you like? We wanna hear everything.
RACHEL: OK Julie, so now let's start with your childhood, what was that like?
RACHEL: Now, what exactly is in a cobb salad?
ROSS: I uh, I don't know, I guess I'm just gonna see, see what happens.
ROSS: You ever figure out what that thing's for?
(MACHINE--JOEY'S VOICE): Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
JADE: Hello, I'm looking for Bob. This is Jane. I don't know if you're still at this number, but I was just thinking about us, and how great it was, and, well, I know it's been three years, but, I was kinda hoping we could hook up again. I barely had t he nerve to make this call, so you know what I did?
RACHEL: So uh, what are you guys doing for dinner tonight?
JOEY: What are these, like famous chickens?
ROSS: Hey, tell me again, what do I do when Mr. Roper calls?
WAITER: (whispers) And what will that be on the side of?
ROSS: Ok, Pheebs! How 'bout we'll each just pay for what we had. It's no big deal.
ROSS: But wait, there's more. Hey, Chandler, what is in the envelope?
RACHEL: What? Come on, you do what you want to do. Do we always have to do everything together?
MACHINE: Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
JADE: Well there really wasn't much time to get used to it, you know what I mean?
ROSS: What guys? Oh, yeah.
RACHEL: What party?
CHANDLER: I don't know what to say. I'm sorry that we make more money than you. But we're not gonna feel guilty about it. We work really hard for it. 
MONICA: Leon, Leon. Shhh! Guys. Wait, I don't understand. Those steaks were just a gift from the meat vendor. That was not a kick back. I'll just replace them and we can forget the whole thing. What corporate policy? No. Yeah. All right. I just got fired.
MACHINE: Here comes the beep, you know what to do.
MONICA: What if my own baby hates me? Huh? What am I gonna do then?
MONICA: No I didn't, I said kiwi lime. That's what makes it so special. 
ROSS: What about Ben? We can't bring a baby to a hospital.
RACHEL: But what about Phoebe?
CAROLINE: You know, my brother and his boyfriend have been trying to adopt for three years. What agency did you two go through?
RACHEL: Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
GIRL 2 ON BUS: So what are you guys out doing today?
JOEY: Hey, look, since we're neighbors and all, what do you say we uh, get together for a drink?
CHANDLER: (on pay phone) Come on, pick up, pick up! Hello? Transit Authority? Yes, hello. I'm doing research for a book, and I was wondering what someone might do if they left a baby on a city bus. Yes I do realize that would be a very stupid charact er.
CHANDLER: What kind of scary-ass clowns came to your birthday?
MONICA: Remember it? What do you think this is, a freckle?
MONICA: Wait, what about the time I hit you in the face with the Silvian's pumpkin?
STEPHANIE: (singing) Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you?
TOGETHER: Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly Cat, Smelly Cat, it's not your fault.
CHAN: OK, what is it about me? Do I not look fun enough? Is there something. . . repellant. . . about me?
CHAN: Well it couldn't have been worse. A woman literally passed through me. OK, so what is it, am I hideously unattractive?
JOEY: Maybe he, uhh... drives his car on the other side of the road, if ya know what I mean.
JOEY: But uh, uh, what about uh, Ross and uh. . .?
JOEY: Phoebe, that's crazy. When I first met you, you know what I said to Chandler? I said, "Excellent butt, great rack."
JOEY: Phoebs look, if you want to know what the deal is, you're just gonna have to ask him.
RACH: Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
RACH: Closure, that's what it is. Closure. [she looks around the restaurant, spotting a guy with a cellular phone] Hello, excuse me. Excuse me, hel. . . woo [she almost falls out of her chair]
RACHEL: [on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat who, by the way, I think you should name Michael. And, you know, ya see there I'm thinking of names so obviously, I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. [hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket]
[Rachel looks at Ross as though she remembers something, but can't place what it is.]
PHOE: Well, I finally took your advice and asked him what was going on.
JOEY: And what did he say?
PHOE: Wow. What are you gonna use it for?
ROSS: Yeah, it was, but...I get home, ok, and I see Julie's saline solution on my night table. And I'm thinking to myself, oh my god, what the hell am I doing? I mean, here I am, I am with Julie, this incredible, great woman, who I care about and who cares about me, and I'm like, what, am I just gonna throw all that away?
MNCA: So, Mr. Rastatter, what exactly does this job entail? The ad wasn't too clear.
RTST: No, ma'am. Well, anyhoo, we should be getting our F.D.A. approval any day now, hopefully, in time for Thanksgiving. See, the way we look at it, chocolate already dominates most of your major food-preparation holidays: Easter, Christmas, what have you.
PHOE: What makes it pilgrim?
ROSS: I don't know what to do. What am I gonna do? I mean, this, this is like a complete nightmare.
CHAN: Waitress. Got it. You guys wanna play Doom? Or we could keep doing this. What else?
PHOE: Oh, oh sweet Lord! This is what evil must taste like!
CHAN: I'm telling you this thing won't print. Yes, I pressed that button like 100 times. You know, for a hot line you are not so hot. What? What is that in the background? Are you watching Star Trek?
ROSS: No, no, uh, it's not what you think. It's um the other thing.
RACH: Well, what's the other thing, what do I think?
ROSS: I know, I know, it's, it's almost...[turns around, sees Chandler and Joey] What do you say we go take a walk, just us, not them?
RACH: What's that? What? I saw my name. What is it?
RACH: Well what is it? Let me see.
ROSS: He won't? [remembers what it is] He won't! Because, isn't that, isn't that the, the short story you were writing?
RACH: What is this? Ross, what is this?
RACH: She is not Rachem. What the hell's a Rachem? Is that some stupid paleontology word that I wouldn't know because I'm just a waitress.
PHOE: I... I cannot believe Ross even made this list. What a dinkus.
PHOE: What were you thinking?
JOEY: [opens the drapes] Hey, Ross! What are you doin'?
CHAN: What are you doing out there?
MNCA: Oh, you must be freezing. You know what you need? How about a nice steaming cup of hot Mockolate?
RACH: That's what I said.
RADIO: The next one's dedicated to Rachel from Ross. Rachel, he wants you to know he's deeply sorry for what he did and he hopes you can find it in your heart to forgive him. (With or Without You plays) 
RADIO: Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
JOEY: C'mon show us what you bought. . . You know you want to.
JOEY: Yeah, I know exactly what she's goin' through.
MONICA: How do you know exactly what she's going through?
ROSS: See there, you uhh, alright, ya, you did what I said.
CHANDLER: Oh, so that's what this is for.
ROSS: [sitting at table talking to a girl] It's hard to tell because I'm sweating, but I use exactly what the gel bottle says, an amount about the size of a pea. How, how can that be too much?
PHOEBE: Well, 'cause, I mean, what if, what if he's not this great dad guy? I mean, what if, what if he's just still the dirtbag who ran out on my mom and us? You know what? I've already lost a fake dad this week and I don't think I'm ready to lose a real one.
PHOEBE: Ahh, toilet seat covers! Is that what you were doing while I was getting gas?
RACH: Joey, honey, they don't know what they're talking about.
JOEY: [realizing what everyone else did a minute ago] Ooooooh.
MNCA: So, what are you saying now?
PHOE: Oh, well, we have to celebrate. You know what we should do? We should do, like, a soap opera theme.
PHOE: Hey Rach, what time do you get off? We're all gonna do something tonight.
RACH: What? What is so strange about me having a date?
JOEY: What about Ross? I mean, are you still mad at him cause he made that list about you?
MNCA: What are you talking about?
PHOE: OK, so, you know what you're doing, right?
ROSS: What do you mean?
ROSS: See what? I don't know what she sees in... innn that goober. And it takes him, what? Like... like... I don't know, uhh... uhhh, hello.... a... week, to get out a sentence.
RACH: Phoebe, what the hell are you talking about? Other than their names being similar, I'm sorry, I do not see what you're seeing.
RUSS: I know what your problem is.
RACH: Did Joey say what he was gonna go when he left?
MNCA: What about me?
MNCA: What these? [holding up liquor bottles] Oh, these are, um, for.. cuts and scrapes.
RACH: What happened?
ROSS: No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
RACHEL: What do you mean?
MRS GREEN: So, what do you think of my daughter in the apron with the big job?
MRS GREEN: I do. You didn't love Barry. And I've never seen you this happy. I look at you and I think, oh, this is what I want.
RACHEL: Well, what do you mean?
MR A: Oh, no, please, I spent most of mid-morning trying to stand up. Now uh, what can I do for you, my dear?
MR A: Well, I don't know what to tell you dear. The only thing I can think of is that she always used to say that before she died, she wanted to see everything.
RACHEL: Actually, what I think you said was, "don't touch that, and get the hell out of my kitchen."
PHOEBE: [enters] Hey. What a day. I took her everywhere. The Museum of Modern Art, Rockefeller Center, Statue of Liberty.
MRS GREEN: This is so much fun, just the girls. You know what we should do? Does anybody have any marijuana?
RACHEL: Oh, I'm sorry. You know what? I cannot have this conversation with you. I mean, god, you just come in here, and drop this bomb on me, before you even tell Daddy. What? What do you want? Do you want my blessing?
RACHEL: Then what? What do you want?
MONICA: Do you want me to cry? Is that what you want? Do you wanna see me cry?
ROSS: Carol, what's the matter? What happened?
CAROL: And then Susan and I got in this big fight because I said maybe we should call off the wedding, and she said we weren't doing it for them, we were doing it for us, and if I couldn't see that, then maybe we should call off the wedding. I don't know what to do.
WOMAN: You know, I uh, I couldn't help but overhear what you just said, and I think it's time for you to forget about Rose, move on with your life...how 'bout we go get you a drink?
JOEY: Hey, hey, check it out, guess what I got.
ROSS: Oh my God, what happened?
MONICA: I can't believe Joey's having lunch with his stalker. What i-, what is she like.
JANITOR: So, what is this information worth to you, my friend?
CHANDLER: That's what I did when I lost my Clydesdales.
RACHEL: No no no, wait, I wanna see what happens.
JOEY: It's not what you think, that was...
PHOEBE: No. What do you, what do you want me to be, like some stupid, big, like, purple dinosaur?
RACHEL: What what what what?
RACHEL: I, I don't know, um, do you think you're cute? OK, we're kinda gettin' off the track here. Um, I was supposed to come here and tell you my friend thinks you're cute. So what should I tell her?
CHANDLER: OK that's not what he was doing. Alright, he was looking for his bus money.
RACHEL: Agh, what a jerk. I kept talking about you and he kept asking me out. I mean, naturally, you know, I said no.
MONICA: Rachel if you, if you want to go out with him, you can. Sound like a big jerk to me but if that's what you want to do...
PHOEBE: I know. Oh, like you would drink her coffee after what you did to her with Van Damme.
MONICA: What did you say?
CHANDLER: Ahh, I believe my exact words were, 'Flaign,en - sten'. I mean I didn't know what to say, how do you know if you wanna do it on an elevator?
CHANDLER: Oh no no no no, no no no no no no, you see, what I had planned shouldn't take more that 2, 3 minutes tops.
CHANDLER: Well, if I was wearing your underwear then, uh, what would you be wearing?. . . You're swell.
RACHEL: Oh, what do you, you want me to stop seeing him, is that what you want?
RACHEL: You want me to just call him up and tell him that you're seeing him instead? That's what you want?
RACHEL: Oh that's what you want.
SUSIE: Ooh. Ooh. But ya know what would be even sexier?
SUSIE: Whaddo I mean. Whaddya mean, whaddo I mean? I mean underpants, mister, that's what I mean.
CHANDLER: What, what's what you mean?
MONICA: Well, what made you make the exception for me?
[Scene: Back at Monica and Rachel's apartment. They are now fighting about what Rachel told Van Damme.]
ROSS: What happened?
CHANDLER: Well, I don't know what Big Leon told ya but it's an even thousand if you want me for the whole night. What is this for?
CHANDLER: Wow, I don't know what to say. [opens the box and pulls out an incredibly gaudy gold bracelet] Wow, I, I don't know what to say.
JOEY: Heh, what d'ya say?
JOEY: You have any idea what this'll do for your sex life?
INTERVIEWER: Now, I want you to tell me what you're doing while you're doing it.
INTERVIEWER: So, uh, what are you going to do next?
ROSS: Oh really? What uh, what does he want with her?
PHOEBE: What is that sparkly thing?
RACHEL: What, what incident?
CHANDLER: [walks over to the woman] I know what you're thinking, Dave Thomas, founder of Wendy's.
RACHEL: What are you, what are you doin'?
ROSS: Rach. OK, forget, forget the lobsters OK. We're, let's talk, what about us?
JOEY: Well, what about the fact that you insulted the bracelet and you made fun of me?
JOEY: You know what the. . . [sees Chandler on his knees, holding the couch cushions]
MR. GELLER: There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it. [pulls a quarter from behind her ear]
RACHEL: [comes up from behind the bar and startles Chandler] Hey. I've got something that's gonna make you happy. Guess what Gunther found? [holds up Chandler's bracelet]
CHANDLER: What am I gonna do, huh? [Joey walks in behind him]
CHANDLER: That's what they'll call us.
PHOEBE: [Standing in living room with Chandler and Joey. She pulls a huge bathing suit out of a box] Hey, Mon, what is this?
CHANDLER: Oh, I thought that's what they used to cover Connecticut when it rained.
JOEY: What is with your nose?
CHANDLER: OK, I was wrong, that's what they used to cover Connecticut.
MONICA: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
RACHEL: Oh, thanks. So, uh, what are you gonna do this summer?
[Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross]
JOEY: What if we have to pee?
RACHEL: What is this? What are we doing?
RACHEL: Ah, so what are we looking at?
CHANDLER: Wow, that's lucky. What if her name was Big Ugly Splotch?
ROSS: No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
MR. GELLER: Look, I know what you're going through. When I turned 50 I got the Porsche. You... you got your own little speedster.
PHOEBE: What? Is it - is this 'cause of what Ross said?
PHOEBE: I don't believe this. Is this how this relationship's gonna work? Ross equals boss. I mean, c'mon what is this, 1922?
PHOEBE: Just, you know, long time ago. Well, when men used to tell women what to do - a lot. And then there was suffrage, which is a good thing but is sounds horrible. Do you want to get this tattoo?
MONICA: God, you are so lucky. I mean, I mean. . . you know what I mean.
JOEY: Hey listen, I'm sorry about what happened. . .
PHOEBE: OK, well then what is this? [shows her bare shoulder]
PHOEBE: OK, hi. For your information this is exactly what I wanted. This is a tattoo of the earth as seen from a great distance. It's the way my mother sees me from heaven.
RACHEL: Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo. [she bends over and bears her tattoo right when Ross returns]
RACHEL: Yeah, who's gonna eat all our food, and tie up our phone lines, and - is that my bra? What the hell you doin' with my bra?
JOEY: Oh no-no, it's uh, it's not what you think. We uh, we used it to, you know, fling water balloons off the roof. Remember that, those junior high kids couldn't even get theirs accross the street.
CHANDLER: So, whaddya say boys, should I call him? [squeezes the ear of one of the slippers and it barks] Well, ya know what they say. Ask your slippers a question... you're going crazy.
PHOEBE: OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers start singing smelly, smelly, smelly, smelly behind her] Oh woah, oh my God. I mean like, who was that?
PHOEBE: OK. [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Smelly cat [back up singers - smelly, smelly, smelly, really bad smelly cat, it's not your fault] OK, sorry. I'm just, I'm just not getting that everyone um, gets how smelly this cat acually is. I just think that maybe if we could talk about this, 'cause I need to feel that you really care about the cat.
JOEY: Likewise. Uh, I'll take that. [grabs moose hat] It's what I came for. So, this is new. Where'd you two meet?
JOEY: Well I uh, got what I came for. [puts on moose hat] I'll uh, I'll see you guys.
PHOEBE: I sound amazing. I, I, I've never heard myself sing before. I mean, except in my own head. Oh, this is so cool, now I can hear what you hear.
ROSS: What woman?
RACHEL: OK, Phoebs. But what about you?
PHOEBE: [singing] Smelly cat, smell-ly cat, what are they feeding you? Everybody.
ROSS: I'm sorry I'm late, what happened?
RACHEL: So what happens next?
EDDIE: What was that?
PHOEBE: And a crusty old man said I'll do what I can and the rest of the rats played moroccas. That's it, thanks, good night.
PHOEBE: Ohh, ok, I see what you did there. Aren't you afraid though, that the writers are gonna be kinda mad when they read this?
JOEY: I fall down an elevator shaft? What the hell does this mean, I fall down an elevator shaft?
RICHARD: Well, I mean what can I say? I, I was married to Barbara for 30 years. She was my high school sweetheart, now you, that's two.
EDDIE: That's very interesting, ya know, 'cause that's exactly what someone who slept with her would say.
CHANDLER: Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's shoulder] Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon? [picks up the fruit an tosses it to Eddie, it hits Eddie in the chest and falls]
RICHARD: What? Alright, what about my two?
MONICA: And, well, don't you have a lot of wild oats to sew? Or is that what you're doing with me? Oh my God, am I an oat?
RACHEL: God, Ross, look, what you and I have is special, all Paolo and I ever had was...
RACHEL: But, what you and I have is so much better. Ok, we have tenderness, we have intimacy, we connect. Ya know, I swear, this is the best I have ever had.
ROSS: Oh. And what do you call that?
ROSS: What, what oh....[Ross and Rachel go into her room]
RACHEL: So, he's on the show, he knows what happens.
EDDIE: No. See now I don't think you're being fair. I mean one night you see me and you get scared, I mean, what about all the other nights when you don't see me, huh? What about last night when you went and got a drink of water and I was nice enough to hide behind the door, what's that about, huh?
EDDIE: Oh, right, all right, you know what pallie I understand, consider me gone, you know what, I'll be out by the time you get home from work tomorrow.
JOEY: Seriously, you like it? This guy was sellin' them on 8th avenue and I looked at 'em and I though, you know what I don't have?
RACHEL: Woah, woah, woah, what book is this?
JOEY: What is it?
JOEY: My animals. Hey the guy said they suited me, he spoke with an accent, I was all confused. I don't know what I'm gonna do.
ROSS: But I don't know it. What I do know is that you owe $2300 at Isn't it Chromantic.
JOEY: Hey Ross, I'm aware of what I owe.
EDDIE: Ah-ah-ah, you know what that is?
EDDIE: Hey man, check it out, I got some great stuff to dehydrate here. I got some grapes, got some apricots, I thought it would be really cool to see what happens with these water balloons.
JOEY: Ohh, you know what it is? It's smudgy 'cause they're fax pages. Now when I was on Days of Our Lives as Dr. Drake Remoray, they'd send over the whole script on real paper and everything. 
ROSS: No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
CHANDLER: So what happened?
CHANDLER: Yeah, he's lived here for years, I don't, I don't know what you're talking about man.
JOEY: What happened to the foosball?
ROSS: Yeah but Phoebs, what about the end?
PHOEBE: What when Yeller saves saves the family from the wolf and everyone's happy?
MONICA: What about the part where he has rabies?
PHOEBE: He doesn't have rabies, he has babies. That's what my mom said.
MONICA: Hey, have you guys eaten, because uh, Richard and I just finished and we've got leftovers... Chicken and potatoes... What am I wearing?...Actually, nothing but rubber gloves.
ROSS: Oh you guys are not gonna believe what happened.
ROSS: I don't believe this. I miss, I miss the first time of everything. I missed, what, the first time he rolled over, the first time he crawled. What else did I miss? Has he spoken yet, is he driving, does he have a favorite liquour?
JOEY: Oh, what about that thing he did when he tipped the guy who showed us to our seats. You never even saw the money, it was like this. [With money in his palm] Hey Chandler, thanks for showing us to our seats [shakes his had and passes the dollar].
PHOEBE: Uh huh, what is happening to the world? I mean, no no no, 'cause ET leaves, and and Rocky loses, Charlotte dies.
MONICA: It's just that he doesn't have that much free time, ya know, and I don't know, what do I do?
ROSS: [enters] Ok, what the hell happened back there?
RACHEL: Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
RACHEL: What was the book?
RACHEL: Ok, Ross, Ross, ok listen, what we have is amazing.
RACHEL: But I do not want to have everything decided for me. I spent my whole life like that. It's what I had with Barry, that was one of the reasons I left. I, I like not knowing right now and I'm sorry if that scares you but if you want to be with me you are gonna have to deal with that.
JOEY: No no, seriously, Chandler and I were just talkin about this. He is so much cooler than our dads. [Chandler starts kicking him below the table] I mean, you know, our dad's are ok, ya know, but Richard is just- ow, ow. What are you kickin me for? Huh? I'm tryin to talk here.
RACHEL: I'm sorry, what did you just say? Did you just say hi? Oh my God, Ross, Ross, Ben just said 'Hi'.
CAROL: What did he say?
ERNIE: Bert, Bert. Bert. Hey, what happened to my friend Bert? He was here just a moment ago. Oh no, my old friend Bert is lost.
CHANDLER: What just happened?
RACHEL: Monica, what are you talking about? You don't know the first thing about the stock market.
RACHEL: Ohh, what is in that?
RACHEL: Ok, here, I know what we can do. [grabs Joey's sadwich and throws it out the window]
RACHEL: Ok, doggie get the- aahhh. Ok go get the sandwich, get the sandwich doggie. [dog ignores the sandwich] Good doggie get the sandwich, get the...ok, Joey, the dog will lick himself but he will not touch your sandwich, what does that say?
BIG BULLY: You know what I keep wondering? Why you two are still sitting here.
PHOEBE: I just think that this was a really bad sign, ya know. I mean, like the beast at the threshold, you know. It's just like, I have no family left, ya know. I mean except for my grandmother, you know, but let's face it, she's not gonna be around forever, despite what she says. And I have a sister who I've barely spoken to since we like shared a womb. I don't know, this is my real father and I just, I want things to be like just right.
PHOEBE: [innocently] What was that?
MONICA: Hey, I made $17 before breakfast, what have you done?
RACHEL: What happened to uh, MEG.?
PHOEBE: I, I don't wanna meet my father over the phone. What am I gonna say, like 'Hi, I'm Phoebe, the daughter you abandoned. Oh, by the way, I broke your dog.'
ROSS: No. So what. So what if we get beaten up, maybe that's just something every man has to go through once in his life. Ya know, like a, like a right of passage or somethin'.
MRS BUFFAY: Schnoodle. Oh my God, what the hell happened to my dog?
MRS BUFFAY: What are these, stitches?
PHOEBE: I don't know what to do with that.
LITTLE BULLY: Look, here's what we'll do. We'll put all keys and watches in the hat over there. Alright. [they all put their keys and watches in the hat and put it on a mail box] Alright, c'mon man, let's do this.
LITTLE BULLY: Us, what about you guys? Man you really, bing, gave it to old Mr. Clean back there. He was a big guy.
RACHEL: Ya know, I mean this is supposed to be a joyous occasion. My sister's graduating from college, nobody thought she would. It's a true testament to what a girl from long island would do for a Celica.
MONICA: So what happened?
RACHEL: My parents happened. All they had to do was sit in the same stadium, smile proudly, and not talk about the divorce. But nooo, they got into a huge fight in the middle of the commencement address. Bishop Tutu actually had to stop and shush them. But you know what, you know what the good news is? I get to serve coffee for the next 8 hours.
MRS. GREENE: Well, my goodness, what was that?
CHANDLER: Ok, think, what would Jack and Chrissy do?
ROSS: All righty roo. [closes the door] What a great moment to say that for the first time. [goes to get the cigarettes and glasses]
GIRL 1: What about my friend Victor?
MONICA: You, and you, you're supposed to be at my party. And Gunther! What are you doing here?
MR. GREENE: ...what the hell does she want with half a boat...
RACHEL: This is it, isn't it? I mean, this is what my life is gonna be like. My mom there, my dad there. Thanksgiving, Christmas. She gets the house, he's in some condo my sister's gonna decorate with wicker. Oh, Chandler how did you get through this?
JOEY: Oh no, what happened?
CHANDLER: It's not that hard to learn. And as for people realizing you have no idea what you're doing, hey, you're an actor. Act like a processor, people will think you're a processor.
RYAN: You know what makes the itching even worse?
PHOEBE: No. This is what I do for luck, ok.
JOEY: What a phony.
JOEY: Look, I'm sorry but that's what Joseph does, ok. If you try to pull somethin', he'll call you on it. 'What're you tryin' to pull,' he'll say.
RICHARD: You're gonna do what to my clocks.
MONICA: What if they get mixed up?
JOEY: Ahh. What the hell are you doing to me man.
ROSS: Is this what you had in mind?
PHOEBE: Well, come on, who cares what that guy thinks. What does Warren Beatty know about kissing (Chandler and Monica, give her a look that says 'think about it') Ooh.
CHANDLER: Hey, what did your agent say?
JOEY: Yep, this kiss thing is defiantly a problem, Mr. Beatty wants to see it again on Monday. Man, I gotta figure out what I'm doing wrong. Oh, okay, one of you girls come over here and kiss me.
JOEY: Then I don't know what it is. What's the problem?
MONICA: Joey, you know, maybe your just not used to kissing men, maybe you just tensed up a little, maybe that's what you need to work on.
RACHEL: Look you guys, I have to go, I'm the Maid-of-Honor. And besides you know what I just need to be in a room again with these people and feel good about myself.
PHOEBE: I think my boyfriend ever so dreamy, I wonder what our wedding's gonna be like.
MONICA: What are you talking about? What wedding?
PHOEBE: So how's your date with your cyberchick going. Ooh, hey, what is all that (points at the computer screen).
PHOEBE: What does she mean by HH?
PHOEBE: You know, what I think is so great that you are totally into this person and yet for all you know she could be like 90 years old, or have two heads, or. It could be a guy.
PHOEBE: Okay, ask her 'What is her current method of birth control?'
ROSS: I'm sorry. What was I supposed to do stand up and shout 'Hey, Rachel, your butt is showing!'
BARRY: Yeah, what are they gonna say you didn't love me anymore. Come on.
JOEY: Angela? Joey Tribiani. Listen, what are ya doing tonight. I know your seeing that guy I was thinking maybe you could bring him.....Hello? Hello? (picks up a statue of an Indian and walks into 
PHOEBE: What if the husband person is the wrong guy, and you are the right guy. I mean you don't get chances like this all the time, if you don't meet her now, you're gonna be kicking yourself when your 80, which is hard to do, and that's how you break a hip.
PHOEBE: Oh, yeah! Okay! Great! Go, man, go put on your shoes, and, and march out there and meet her! (Chandler runs and picks up his shoes) Oh, wait, no, no you have to take a shower, 'cause, eww. (Chandler runs to the bathroom, as the computer bing-bongs) No, you know what you have to answer her, answer her first. (Chandler runs to the computer) No, no, you know what make some coffee 'cause its too much. (Chandler walks slowly into the kitchen)
MONICA: You know what, maybe I don't need to have children. You know maybe I just think I do because that is what society, and by that I mean my mom, has always convinced me that I...(sees two little girls dancing together) I do, I have to have children, I'm sorry, I just do.
ROSS: Ross, uh and uh, I'd just like to say that it did take a lot of courage for Rachel to come here tonight. And, uh, for the record she did not run out on Barry because she had syphilis. (da-doom-chesh) (to drummer) What are you doing I'm serious. Uh, the reason she walked out on, on Barry is simply that she didn't love him, which incidentally worked out pretty well for me (looks for the da-doom-chesh, and doesn't get one) Cheers.
RACHEL: (after a pause with everyone staring at her, she goes up to the microphone) Ya, know what Barr, I'm not gonna leave. I probably should, but I'm not, see 'cause I promised myself that I would make it through at least *one* of your weddings (da-doom-chesh). See now, tonight, all I really wanted was to make it though this evening with a little bit of grace and dignity. Well (laughing), I guess we can all agree that's not gonna happen. There's nothing really left to say except....(starts singing) "Her name was Lola. She was a showgirl. With yellow feathers (band joins in), feathers in her hair, and a dress cut down to there. She would..."
RICHARD: If kids is what I takes to be with you then kids it is.
MONICA: Oh my God, I can't believe what I'm getting ready to say. I wanna have a baby, but I don't wanna have one with someone who doesn't really wanna have one.
MONICA: I know you do. Me too. (pause) So what now?
PHOEBE: Chandler, you gotta stop staring at the door. It's like a watched pot, you know if you keep looking at it then the door is to, never gonna boil. I think what you have to do is try not to...
Rachel: What song was that, Pheebs?
Monica: God, look what I found in the drain.
Monica: It's some of Richard's hair! (holds it close to Ross) What do I do with this?
Monica: It's weird, but you know what I don't wanna throw this away. I mean this is like all I have left of him, gross, drain hair. Ooh! (drops it in Ross's cereal) 
Monica: God, what is wrong with me.
Monica: What are you the memory woman?
Rachel: Yes, Joey, I remember, she's annoying, but you know what she's-she's his girlfriend now. I mean what can we do?
Joey: There you go! That's the spirit I'm looking for! What can we do? Huh? All right who's first? Huh? Ross?
Rachel: Well honey, what about you?
Joey: Look, what do you want me to say?
Rachel: Okay, Ross, Phoebe is my girlfriend, okay, we tell each other everything. You know, I mean, come on, guys do the same thing, I mean, what about all that locker room stuff.
Ross: Hmph. So what you, you tell each other everything?
Joey: But what does that gonna do...
Janice: Okay. All right. This is what we're gonna call it: 'Joey and Janice's DAY OF FUN!'
Chandler: I know, And then all of the sudden your Mom pops into your head. And your like 'Mom, get outta here!' You know, but of course, like, after that you can't possibly think of anything else, and you can't, you know, stop what your doing. So it's kinda like, you're, you know. You know... (Ross just stares at him) . You don't know!
Ross: Your Mom, your telling me, your telling me, about your Mom, what is the matter with you?
Chandler: What are you guys doing together?
Monica: Hi, Dad, what are you doing here?
Monica: I don't, I just, I just like the smell of them. So, uh, what are you really doing here Dad?
Monica: What makes you think that I might not be okay?
Rachel: Okay, here we go. I'm Jabba's prisoner, and you have a really weird look on your face. What? Honey, what is it? Did I get it wrong? Did I get the hair wrong? What? Did you just picture it differently? What? What?
Mrs. Geller: Well what is it? Come on sweetie, your like, freaking me out here.
Ross: I hate Chandler, the bastard ruined my life. (Rachel starts looking around and down, with a 'What the hell is going on?' look on her face.) 
Joey: All right they got water, orange juice, and what looks like cider. (takes a glass from the fridge.) 
Rachel: Yeah! Once, I figure out what I'm wearing.
Joey: What's a matter Ross? What you're nervous about your speech?
Phoebe: (on machine) "Hi, it's me, I'm coming over now. Hey, what if I'm already there when your playing this message?" (to the guys) Is that too spooky?
Monica: What if it's new? I mean, we agreed not to talk again, unless we had something really important to say. Shouldn't I call him back?
Ross: Yeah, see Mon, listen, listen. When Carol and I broke up, I went through the same thing. And you know what I did?
Phoebe: What am I gonna do?
Ross: No, no, don't, don't, rub it! Don't! (clapping) What gets out hummus?! What gets out hummus?!
Phoebe: Monica, Monica, you know what gets out hummus.
Monica: If it is a new message, what is he calling to say?
Rachel: (entering from her room) Is this a little too... (sees Phoebe) Pheebs, what happened?
Monica: Yes. Well I got his machine and I left a message. But it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because you know it was like a casual, breezy message. It was breezy! Oh God, what if it wasn't breezy? 
Joey: Wow, what a cool job. (in a machine voice) 'You have two new messages.' 'Please, pass the pie.'
Rachel: Pheebs, you go with Monica and try on her green dress. If that doesn't work, you can wear my gray silk one. Oh, gosh, what am I wearing?!
Ross: You don't, you don't know what your wearing?
Chandler: What are you doing?
Ross: Hey, what you do on your own time...
Chandler: What are you, what are you gonna show me my clothes?
Chandler: What are you supporting?
Ross: Okay, hey, that's okay with me. Two down and I have exactly twelve minutes.... Wha, my watch stopped. My watch. (shows Chandler) Okay, see, the, the dinosaur tail isn't going around any more. (grabs Chandler's watch) What time is it? It's 7:33, I have seven minutes. I have seven minutes!!
Rachel: (entering from her room) Okay, Pheebs, quick, what shoes should I wear? The black or the purple?
Ross: Yeah, pants, what, what an idea. Or better yet, um, how 'bout you go without any pants. Look, I don't know what you're trying to do to me, but just get your butt in there and pick out any shoes that fit your feet, okay. No, no I don't care if they match. I don't care if they make your ankles or your knees or your earlobes look fat. Okay.
Chandler: (to Phoebe) You know what's weird. Donald Duck never wore pants. But whenever he's getting out of the shower, he always put a towel around his waist. I mean, what is that about?
Monica: (on phone) Michelle, I only beeped in so I could hear my message. I mean that's allowed. Yeah-huh! I mean look, yeah, you know what I would really appreciate it if you didn't tell your Dad about. What do you mean, you're not comfortable with this? Come on we're friends!! (Michelle hangs up) That bitch always hated me. I'm calling her back.
Chandler: Jeez, what a baby.
Ross: You know what I don't care. The only person I cared about getting dressed, is the one person that says she's not even gonna go. Look Rach, I'm sorry. Okay. Look, I-I wa, I was a jerk. I'm sorry I yelled. I want you there, I need you there. Look, what, what can I do that can show you how much, how much I want you to be there.
Ross: Okay, okay. If that is what it takes to show you how much you mean to me, and how much I want you there. Then that's what I'll do.
Joey: Let's see what else he'll do!
Phoebe: Ross, went to get a cab so we can all... No, wh-what are you doing! No, Monica, no!
Monica: Hi, uh, Richard it's Monica, um, listen I did something kind of crazy tonight, um, maybe I'm getting my period or something, I don't know. Um, anyway, I, I, I beeped into your machine and I heard a message that, that freaked me out, and um, you know what Michelle will tell you the rest. I, I, um, I'm sorry, okay, I, I hope that we can forget the whole thing. Okay, bye.
Ross: Wow! What a pleasure.
Whitfield: What do you mean, your seat?
Joey: What is this? Fruit?
Monica: I'm going into business people. I'm sick and tired of being depressed about Richard. I needed a plan, a plan to get over my man. What's the opposite of man? Jam. (sees Joey trying some jam from the pot) Oh Joey don't! It's way to hot. (Joey realizes this and spits what he had in his mouth back into the pot.) 
Phoebe: Well, I mean look it's, it's not your fault, you know. I mean this is just what, what she does to guys, okay.
Phoebe: Wait, (grabs him) you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Rachel: Oh, oh, that's what you're talking about. (to Chandler) Hey.
Rachel: Well, what happened to your jam plan?
Ross: What are you talking about?
Monica: Yeah. The great thing about the jam plan was, I was taking control of my life. So I asked myself, what is the most important thing to me in the world and that's when I came up with the baby plan. 
Ross: Well, aren't you forgetin' something? What, what, what is uh, what is that guy's name? Dad!
Phoebe: Good. So what were you thinking?
Malcom: I was thinking what it would be like to kiss you.
Joey: Noooo, that's what I was wearing when I donated. I'm kinda surprised there's any of my boys left.
Rachel: Phoebe, what are you doing?
Phoebe: What are you saying I should do?
Monica: Oh, that's what I would do, forget mine.
Rachel: Oh my God, what happened? (points to the cast on Janice's wrist) 
Malcom: What are you doing?
Phoebe: Oh well, what do you know, there goes my identical twin sister. Just walkin' along looking like me. What, is this just like a freakish coincidence, or did you know she takes this train?
Janice: What is the great tragedy here? You go get yourself another appointment.
Phoebe: What a sad little life she must lead. Okay, ooh (starts dialing) . 
Joey: What, what are you doing? What are you doing?
Phoebe: No, no, no, I know, I know, ooh. (on the phone in a different voice) 'Hi, this is Katelynn, from Phoebe Buffay's office. Um, is um, Ann there for Phoebe, she'll know what it's about.'
Phoebe: (on phone) 'Annie! Hi. Listen we got a problem with Joey Tribbiani, apparently he missed his audition. Who did you speak to in my office? Estelle, no, I don't know what I'm going to do with her. No. All right, so your husband leaves and burns down the apartment, the world does not stop.'
Phoebe: (on phone) 'Right, well look, um, if Joey loses this audition, that is it for Estelle. I don't care! Annie you are a doll, what time can you see him?' (to Monica) I need a pen. (Chandler hands her one, but she needs something to right on, so she tilts Chandler's head over and writes on the back of his neck) 
Ross: You know what it's fine. If you're okay with the Barbi thing, so am I.
Monica: There it is. Joey, what are you doing?
Monica: What is it with you people! I mean, the minute you start to feel something, you have to run away?
Chandler: Look what do I do? I wanna get past this, I don't wanna be afraid of the commitment thing. I wanna go through the tunnel, to the other side! 
Rachel: Sure Pheebs, you know, that's what it's there for, emergencies and pretend agents.
Janice: Ohhh, are you a puppy! (opens it) Contact paper! I never really know what to say when someone you're sleeping with gives you contact paper.
Chandler: Yes, I did. Yes, I did. Because, you're my girlfriend, and that's what girlfriends should, should get. 
Chandler: Yep, we're a couple and that's what couples do. And, I wanna meet your parents. We should take a trip with your parents!
Chandler: I am, I actually am. I mean this is amazing. My entire life I have feared this place, and now that I'm here it's like what was the big deal. I could probably say 'Let's move in together.' and I'd be okay.
Rachel: Right. So, what you have to do is, you have to accidentally run into her on purpose. And then act aloof.
Janice: What are you doing here?
Janice: Barley? What kind of party serves barley?
Janice: What woman?!
Joey: Okay, what else?
Joey: (in a really, really bad Italian accent) That's-ah what I suspected-ah.
Chandler: (answering phone) Hello. Hi, Janice! Can you hold on for a second? Okay. (to Monica and Rachel) Okay, what do I do?
Rachel: Shhh...I don't know what to do, this is totally unprecedented.
Monica: If-if-if we ever did what you did a man would never call.
Chandler: What are you, stop naming dwarves! (on phone) Hello, Janice. Hi, I'm so glad that you called, I know I've been acting a really weird lately. And, it's just because I'm crazy about you, and I just got...stupid, and, and scared, and....stupid a couple of more times. I'm sorry. (listens) Really?! (listens) Really?!
Ross: Hey, I don't know what to tell you guys that's the doll he chose.
Monica: What are you being such a weenie for? So he has a Barbi, big deal. You used to dress up like a woman.
Ross: What are you talking about?
Chandler: Hey-hey-hey. So what happened? A forest tick you off?
Rachel: What about you honey, who would be on your list?
Chandler: (coughing) What a geek!
Joey: Oh yeah. If you ah, move your hamper, you see what color the tile used to be. (Monica gasps) Yeah.
Monica: I can't live like this! What are we gonna do? What are we gonna do?
Phoebe: Yeah I know what I wanted to ask you. Um, can you roll your tongue? Because I can, and my Mom couldn't, and I thought y'know, I figured that was something I got from our Dad.
Phoebe: That's the same month as Halloween. So, um, what kinda things do you like to do at home?
Monica: What kind of karate is that?
Monica: No, that is what the game is.
Chandler: Oh, just this! (turns around and has a paint lid stuck to the back of his pants.) Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
Frank: Hey, what kind of work do you do?
Phoebe: No, no, you can get one yourself. It'll be on the house! Y'know what are big sisters for?
Phoebe: (turns around and hits Frank) So that's what you thought I did!! God! That's not what I do!
Frank: Wait that's-that's, what that's not what you do?
Chandler: Yeah, y'know what I got a better idea. How-how 'bout it blocks none of mine door and a lot of yours? (throws his shoulder into the center to try and move it, but it doesn't move.) 
Ross: What you don't think I'd go up to her?
Rachel: You know what honey, you go ahead, we'll call her an alternate.
Chandler: Soo, ah, Eric, what kind of photography do ya do?
Chandler: What gay thing?
Chandler: Oh yes, and that's what I want a roommate that I can walk around with and be referred to as the funny one.
Rachel: Monica! Look! Hi! What do ya think? (shows her, her ring) 
Phoebe: So what are they doing?
Monica: What are you doing with the lamp?
Monica: Oh my God!!! What are you doing?!!
Monica: What are you talking about?
Phoebe: Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
Phoebe: Oh, it's already closed, Chris gave me the keys to lock up-what is wrong?
Friend No. 1: My God, what were you thinking about?
[Scene: Central Perk, the whole gang is there, Ross is telling a story about what happened at work and the rest of the gang are thinking to themselves, denoted by italics.]
Gunther:What does Rachel see in this guy? I love Rachel. I wish she was my wife.
Chandler: What a wank!
Phoebe: Oh, hey, hey Nick the boxer let's see what you got. All right ya, put 'em up. Come on. (they start shadow boxing) 
Dr. Green: What happened to the library?
Dr. Green: You know what's really good here, the lobster. What do you say shall I just order three.
Dr. Green: What kind of person is allergic to lobster? I guess the kind of person that works at a library.
Dr. Green: They found rust. You know what rust does to a boat?
Dr. Green: (gets his receipt and notices the twenty) What is this? Who put a twenty down here? Huh?
Ross: Hey Pheebs, what are you doing?
Phoebe: So. This has always been Monica's bed, what you're just noticing now, how self-involved are you?
Ross: Thank you! That's what I keep saying.
Dr. Green: What do you need help for?
Ross: What can I do, she doesn't listen to me about renter's insurance either.
Dr. Green: Well what if somebody steals something? How are you gonna run after him with one leg shorter than the other?!
Ross: What? (to Joey) So what are you going to do? I mean how, how are you going to tell Chandler?
Joey: What did they do?
Ross: Yes, that's what I was going to ask, thank you.
Rachel: Whoa! Wait! Hello! What about me?
Rachel: (holding Ben) Look Benny, spoon. (moves it back and forth) Spoon. Come on! All right, y'know what I think he's bored.
Rachel: Okay. Okay honey, he's fine, he's fine, let's just put him down. Come here, Ben. (sets him on the couch) See that's a good boy. (to Monica) How could you do that to him!! Ross trusted me, what is he going to say?!
Monica: Because he'll know what to do? (Rachel comes out of her room with a bear that's dressed in a rain suit.) Oh my God, you're a genius!
Joey: Oh, you want something serious. Y'know what you should do, you should get her one of those um, barium enemas. Those are dead serious.
Chandler: What is the thing?
Janice: Oh, I'm sorry honey, I'm so, so, (nasally) haaaaa! I'm so, so sorry, I just (nasally) haaaaaa! But I, oh what happened was, I-I-I can't breathe. Can you get me a bag, or something?
Monica: Oh that's right, that's what I'd sound like if I exploded.
Joey: What are you ah, what are you gonna do?
Joey: Well, it doesn't matter what I would do.
Chandler: What? (turns around quickly still ready to throw the dart and Joey quickly ducks and hides behind the chair) What are you, what are you talking about?
Janice: Oh! You're right. Oh God. But, before I can say 'good-bye', there's something I really need you to know, Chandler. The way I feel about you, it's like, I finally understand what Lionel Richie's been singing about. Y'know, I mean what we have, it's like movie love, you're my soulmate, and I can't believe we're not going to be spending the rest of our lives together.
Chandler: Forget what I said, I was babbling! Pick me!
Phoebe: I'm telling you he's dead. What we are about to have here is a dead fat guy on a stick.
Phoebe: Okay, so what do you guys really think of Chandler?
Monica: Okay, Phoebe you know what you're doing right?
Monica: Phoebe, I thought you said you know what you're doing?
Rachel: Wait, what am I gonna do?
Chandler: Thanks. What, let me have her?! What do mean? Like if you didn't I wouldn't have a shot?
Joey: What the hell's the matter with you?! This is my favourite jersey.
Joey: What are you gonna do?
Monica: Oh, what a great argument, exhaling! All right, y'know what, I'll prove it to you, okay. I'll trade you Joey for Rachel, and I'll still win the game.
Chandler and Joey: What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? 
Rachel: I'm sorry, they were just all coming at me, and I didn't know what to do.
Ross: Well, I'm gonna go see her. I want to bring her something, what do you think she'll like?
Gunther: What if you put them here. (sets the empty tray on another stack of empty trays on the back counter.) 
Ross: (puts away his wallet) And what is second prize?
Woman: What does that mean?
Joey: Hey. What, what are you doing here?
Phoebe: Well, I-I thought a lot about what you said, and um, I realilized duh, all right maybe I was a little judgmental. Yeah, (looks at the tree) oh, but oh...
Phoebe: So, what happens to the old guys?
Ross: Wait a minute, one box! Come on, I'm trying to send a little girl to Spacecamp, I'm putting you down for five boxes. Chandler, what about you?
Ross: I'll tell you what Mon, I'll give you the first box for free.
Rachel: Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
Rachel: (entering) Okay, stop what you're doing, I need envelope stuffers, I need stamp lickers.....
Rachel: Hey-hey-hey that's funny! Your funny Chandler! Your a funny guy! You wanna know what else is really funny?!
Chandler: Tell us what happened, Brown Bird Ross.
Chandler: Y'know what Rach, maybe you should just, y'know stay here at the coffee house.
[Scene: Rachel's new job, Rachel's boss is telling her what to do.]
Joey: All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, you really wanna know how I did it, I'll show ya. When you handed me back the card, what you didn't see was, I looked at it so fast that it was invisible to the naked eye. (picks up a card and quickly looks at it) I just did it. (does it again) I just did it, again. Here, I'll slow it down so that you guys can see it. (looks and the card in slow motion) 
Cookie: Hey. What are we drinkin' over here.
Sister 1: (to Chandler) What 'cha doing?
Phoebe: Why, what happened?
Monica: What is the worse part?
Ross: (to Rachel) You see what men do! Don't tell me men are not nice! (points to Chandler) This is men!!
Ross: Dear Mary-Angela. Hi. How's it going. This is the hardest letter I've ever had to write. (to Chandler) What the hell's a matter with you? How do you think Joey's going to react when he finds out that you blew off his sister with a letter?
Chandler: What if Mary-Angela comes to the door and I ask for Mary-Angela?
Chandler: (shocked) Joey, what-wh-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-wh-wha-what are you doing here?
Joey: Waiting for my Grandma to finish my laundry. What about you?
Ross: That's right good things, that-that is what I said. (glances at Monica) 
Rachel: I got to figure out what I'm going to wear.
Ross: You go get 'em. (to Monica) What did I do to you? Did I hurt you in some way?
Ross: 'Why don't you call him?!' Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
Monica: What?! Ross y'know this isn't even about you! I mean this is about Rachel and something wonderful happening for her. I mean you know even if you're right, what if he wants to sleep with her, does it mean he gets too?
Joey: Well, that is usually what I would do. But I just never thought you'd be on the receiving end of it. How could you do this?!
Rachel: What are you doing here?
(We hear the guys start to attack him, but the guy manages to calm them down and gets them to agree to what he did. Monica throws up her hands in disgust.) 
Chandler: All right, I suppose I can wait a day. Hey, what are you doing Friday? 
Ross: She's having lunch with him. She's having lunch with him. And you should of seen the hug she gave him when she got the job. And, and, and, (to Joey) he's really good looking. (Joey gives an enthusiastic thumbs up) What am I gonna do? 
Rachel: Yeah. What kind of discount do we get? 
Rachel: Oh! Oh my God! What did I just do? 
Monica: Oh yeah, what are you reading? 
Monica: Oh, then you do know it. (pause) So um what kind of things do you write about? 
Phoebe: (covering her mouth in shock) What, what is that? 
Chandler: All right, I have to get that, but no-no. (answering phone) Hello? (listens) (happily) Hi! Yeah listen, I'm, I'm in need of a stripper and I was told that you do that. (listens) Let me ask you this, what, what do you do for the extra hundred? (listens) So would I, would I have to provide the grapes? 
Joey: Well sure, you name a kid that, what do you expect them to grow up to be? 
Chandler: To yourself. (finishing) Hey-hey-hey, y'know what that's pretty good. 
Chandler: You really think that is what he meant? 
Rachel: Oh no, no-no-no, that's not, not, not, what he is doing. He's just, he's just really romantic. 
Rachel: Look, I know what's going on here, okay, Mark explained it all to me. He said this is what you guys do. 
Ross: What am I going to do? 
Mark: What is going on? 
Ross: I have been down in your store for twenty minutes trying to get a tie! What do I have to do to get some service?! (turns to Rachel) Hi Rach. (He's puts his hand on her shoulder and she knocks it away.) 
Phoebe: What are you wrapping? 
Monica: Oh-ho, look what I got Julio. 
Monica: What do you mean? 
Director: No, no, no. What was that? 
Chandler: Oh yeah, yeah! Look what I got, look what I got. (holds up a pen) See, she's fully dressed, right? 
Phoebe: Why? What happened now?
Phoebe: Whoa!! He is soo unreasonable! God, although I think I understand what he means. Oh my God, this is like 60 Minutes, okay, when, when, at first you're really mad at that pharmaceutical company for making the drug and then y'know you just feel bad for the people because they needed to make their hair grow.
Chandler: Y'know what this is like? This is like when my parents got divorced. Man, I hope Ross doesn't try to kidnap me after Cub Scouts.
Chandler: Y'know what maybe it's gonna be okay, I mean it's been a week.
Phoebe: Chandler what are you doing?!
Rachel: Chandler! You're smoking? What are you doing?!
Ross: Oh hey, hey, huh, how about this weekend we have a laser disc marathon okay, and maybe a tournament on my new dart board? Huh, huh, what do you think? (in an Irish accent) Two days of darts, it'll be great!
Ross: What a pity stay?
Ross: Pity food? Y'know what that's okay, all right, I don't need any of you to stay, okay nobody stays.
Phoebe: What does the sign say?
Phoebe: No, y'know what don't close it (Rachel slams the door shut locking themselves out.) 'cause the... keys...are in there.
Rachel: (seeing him) Chandler, what are you doing? There is a trash can right there.
Carol: Hey, what are you doing here?
Phoebe: Yeah, what town are we near?
Phoebe: (to Monica) Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?
Carol: Look, I-I-I am sorry that Rachel dumped you 'cause she fell in love with that Mark guy, and you are the innocent victim in all of this, but don't punish your friends for what Rachel did to you.
Rachel: What is he doing here?!
Phoebe: (to Chandler and Monica) You guys, what, what do we do about Ross who drove all the way up here? What do we do? Just like send him back and we're then gonna go skiing?
Monica: I know, what about Rachel? I mean how are we even gonna ask her?
Ross: That's what you said last night.
Monica: What I said was, was that I understood. Joey's the one who agreed with you!
Phoebe: Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!! Hey!!! (they all stop fighting, Chandler continues to dance.) Look what you're doing to Chandler!! (Chandler finally stops) (to Ross and Rachel) Yeah, look, we know this is really, really hard for you guys. Okay? (Ross starts to leave) You don't, all right you don't have to love each other, okay? You don't, you don't even have to like each other much right now. But please, you have to figure out a way to be around each other.
Phoebe: Yeah, otherwise, I mean that's, that's, that's just it for us hanging out together. Y'know is that what you want? (they both look away) Can you be civil?
Joey: Oh what, wait, wait a second, I mean, what are we doing? Who's going with who?
Ross: Yeah, well it came to about $112, but what the hell, just call it an even 110?
Chandler: Or what my Father called Thursday night.
Phoebe: What are you doing here?
Phoebe: What happened?
Phoebe: But, also, what happened between you and your Mom?
Chandler: If that doesn't keep kids in school, what will?
Alice: Oh no, but when it comes to love, what does age matter?
Rachel: (laughs) Well, I mean, are you sure you want to go out with her? I mean that ain't a pretty picture in the morning, y'know what I mean. That wig all in disarray, and boobs flung over the night stand, y'know. 
Rachel: Monica, last Saturday night, what happened on Walker: Texas Ranger?
Chandler: What check thing?
Ross: No the man's right, that's what I had with Rachel.
Frank: Okay, so what you used to have with Rachel, is what I've got with Alice.
Joey: Now, wh-what, what is that like?
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, it's after Ross and Joey's talk with Frank, and Phoebe's is finding out what happened.]
Phoebe: Well then, (to Ross) what about you?! Huh?!
(As Phoebe stands there in shock and disbelief, Chandler comes out of the bathroom and walks to his bedroom. He's just got out of the shower and has the towel wrapped around himself high across his chest, and another towel wrapped around his head, like women wear towels. Joey watches Chandler wondering what the hell he's doing.) 
Monica: What the hell is this? (holding up the check) 
Monica: Seriously, what is this supposed to mean?
Pete: Look, forget the check, okay. (rips up the check) I like you. I think you're great. Come on, what do you say?
Phoebe: What umm, what happened?
Alice: Phoebe's right Frank. I know it's hard to hear, but it would've been wrong to go through with it. I-I-I was being selfish, even though we, we want the same things now, in the future we may not. (to Phoebe) Is that it, is that what it is?
Alice: None the less. Umm, you're too young to, to really know what you want. (They embrace in a passionate kiss.) 
Phoebe: That's right, exactly. (sees them) All right, it's a good bye kiss, that's good. (Frank picks Alice up and they move to the couch) Bye-bye. (They both lie down on the couch and start to make out.) Okay, no, the important thing is that you see what I'm saying, y'know, just y'know, this is clearly wrong. (They ignore her) Okay, I've decided I'm gonna let this happen! Okay, can I just get my purse? (She reaches in and Alice moans) Okay, all right, good. (leaves) .
Mark: I've kinda of had this ah, this crush on you. (Rachel is shocked) But since you were with Ross, I-I didn't do anything about it. But, now that you're not, I'd really like to ask you out sometime. So-so that's-that's what I'm doing, now.
Pete: ...so y'know, that's why, within a few years, that voice recognition is gonna be pretty much standard on any computer you buy. Y'know, so you could be like-like, 'Wash my car.' 'Clean my room.' It's not gonna be able to do any of those things, but it'll understand what you're saying.
Phoebe: What, so what are you gonna tell him?
Joey: Wow, what-what do you think she wants?
Ross: What are you doing? Are you trying to hurt me? Or something?
Pete: What like Pete Dakota?
Kate: Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Joey: Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and nothin'. You look at me, and it's nothin'. (He kisses her) Nothing.
Mark: Yep. Yep, that's what I didn't want to know.
Monica: So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Chandler: (to Joey) I wasn't doing anything. (Joey starts angrily throwing his stuff down.) Uh-oh, what did she do now?
Kate: Happy?! Is that what I'm supposed to be Vic? Happy?
Joey: Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. (He kisses her, more passionately this time) Nothing.
Chandler: So, ahh, what kind of powers would Gold Man have?
Chandler: What about things that are already gold?
Joey: Yeah! Oh my God! (to Chandler) Is this what it's like to be you?
Chandler: Oh-ho, liked what she saw, huh? Dug my action, did she? Checkin' out the Chan-Chan man!
Rachel: (looks at him) That was (pause) surreal. Okay, what do think? Are you interested at all?
Lauren: (laughing) Oh, you're so funny. Listen, umm, what are you doing after rehearsals? Do you want to get a drink, or something?
Joey: Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
Joey: (to Kate) That guy's like a cartoon. What do you see in him anyway?
Joey: Come on baby, don't go. Please? What do you say?
Kate: Yeah, I guess. Look, what are we gonna do about this scene, huh?
Kate: Yeah, that's pretty much what I had in mind.
Chandler: That's what you say at the end of a date.
Joey: Y'know, about what happened with us.
Joey: What are you talking about? It was a big deal. I mean, come on you can't tell me last night didn't mean something to you. I-I was there, you're not that good an actress.
Phoebe: What?! Oh my... (sees the remains of the house) Oh my God!! What happened?!
Phoebe: Ohh. What is this? (She sees a tissue covering something, and moves to remove it.) 
Joey: (on phone) Well, so anyway Beth, what I'm saying is I should've considered your feelings before I went home with you that night. I've ah, I've recently learned what's it like to be on your side of it, and I'm sorry. So, do you think you can forgive me? (listens) Great. Thanks. Okay, bye. (He sits down and crosses out something, and dials the phone again.) Hello, Jennifer? (listens) Oh hi, Mrs. Loreo, is Jennifer there? (listens) Oh, she's not home huh? (listens) Well ah, actually I kinda need to talk to you too.
Pete: So ask me what I did today.
Monica: So what did you do today Pete?
Rachel: What a jerk! You want me to kick his ass?
Ross: Y'know what I didn't wear this suit for a year because you hated it. Well, guess what? You're not my girlfriend anymore so...
Monica: What-what was it you were gonna tell us? 
Pete: Wait, wait, wait, wait, that's-that's what you're worried about? If that's the problem, we've got no problem.
Chandler: I don't know. (He picks the chick up and turns it over, trying to determine the sex of the chick, and blows on it.) I can't tell, what ever it was went back in too quickly.
Joey: That's not what I said. Okay, I just meant...
Chandler: I know what you meant!! (pause) You notice that ever since we got this chick, we've been fighting a lot more than we used too?
Ross: (sees the chick) Ohhh, hey! All right, listen, I-I have that TV thing in like two hours, and I need your help, okay? What do you think? (takes out two suits) This blue suit, or this brown one?
Monica: Hey, guess what I'm doing tonight.
Rachel: O-kay!! See what you did, I'm gonna be doing it by myself now. Okay? 
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica is trying to find out what Phoebe won't tell her.]
Monica: Okay, so it doesn't involve Ross or Rachel or Chandler or Joey. But, what about Pete?
Monica: What is it?! What about Pete?
Joey: (sees he's watching Baywatch) Ohhh. (sees he still has the chick) Ahh! What are you doing?! I thought you were gonna take her back to the store today.
Chandler: I did! But the store wouldn't take her back! So then I took her to the shelter, and you know what I found out? 
Pete: Okay, yeah. I mean... If that's, if that's really what you want, okay.
Chandler: Okay! Now you stay out here, and you think about what you did!!
Rachel: What thing? What thing?
Rachel: What thing? What is this thing?
Chandler: (coming out of his apartment and seeing Ross) What did you do?
Joey: What 'cha doing?
Joey: What about the chick?
Phoebe: No! Rachel, that's what they want me to do. My warranty expires tomorrow, if I don't get through, they're not gonna fix my crappy, broken phone for free! We cannot let them win! It's us versus them!
Monica: Joey, what are you doing?! It's never gonna happen, she's seeing somebody.
Ross: Oh! Well then this is awkward. So what do you uh...
Tommy: Oh, you thought, huh? Yeah, well that didn't really work out too well for you did it you idiot!! What are you?! A moron!! Huh?! It says D-13! Okay?! Look you're surrounded by even numbers!! Did that give you some clue?!
Estelle: Ooh, what a shame! Because with her face (points to Monica) and her chest (points to Rachel) I could really put something together.
Joey: Listen, drama critics they're nothing but, but people who couldn't make it as actors. You know what you should do?
Kate: You know what I mean. I mean like the sweetest guy. Joey, you're just so, you're so, so... (She passes out and slumps against his shoulder.) 
Rachel: What time is it?
Tommy:What is in the cup?!
Tommy: Hot coffee!!! You idiot!! You were gonna spill hot coffee all over me, huh?!! What are you just some big, dumb, stupid, doofy idiot, with a doofy idiot hairdo, huh?! Huh?! 
Lauren: (at the window, she's looking down out of the window) What do you got down there, Vic? What do you got under that tarp? 
Lauren: (whispering) Tonight. What are you doing?
Tommy: (noticing the chick) Ooh, hey! Hey, there little fella. (picks up the chick) Mr. Fuzzy-Man, how are you doing? (starts to pet him) Aww. (The chick poops on his hand.) Eww! Oh! Eww! Gross! Idiot!! Stupid little, fuzzy, yellow creature!! Oh look at me, I'm so cute, I'm a little chick who's disgusting! God, you're so stupid, how are you not yet extinct!! (the duck wattles behind him and quacks) (to the duck) Quack-quack, quack-quack!! What are you quacking about?! Dumb Donald Doo-Doo!! 
Joey: But, but wh-what about us?
Joey: (with a disgusted look) What was it?
Ross: Well what is it? Is it a mole? (He moves closer to them, and they jump back.) 
Rachel: (entering, interrupting them) Hey guys! What's... (sees what they're doing and stops, the guys are stunned) 
Joey: Well what is it?!
Ross: At least they knew what yours was. Y'know, yours had a name.
Dr. Rhodes: Take your shirt off, and let's see what we're dealing with here. (Ross starts to take off his pants) What are you doing?
Ross: Well then, what is it?!
Chandler: Well, if he's gonna break up with you, maybe Joey and I should water his plants. If y'know what I mean.
Joey: Whoa-whoa-whoa. What ah, what happened to playing the field?
Chandler: So, what do you thing the good news is?
Joey: (looking at the checkbook) Wow! Look at this! He wrote a check for 50,000 dollars to Hugo Ligrens Ring Design. (Monica is stunned) Oh, sorry, what do you think the good news is?
Monica: Well if-if that's what it is, then it's-it's crazy.
Rachel: Oh please, what do you know! You married a lesbian!
Rachel: OH MY GOD!!! (She holds her hands up in triumph and the gang all look at her.) Sorry, I was just imagining what it'd be like to catch the money bouquet. 
Monica: It is so weird, I know what I said, but uh, this morning, I was lying in bed I was, I was imagining what it would be like to say yes. (Rachel slams the magazine shut in amazement.) I know it's a little sudden, and it's a little rushed, and it's totally not like me to do something like this, but that doesn't mean I can't. Right? I mean I'm-I'm crazy about Pete, and I know that we want the same things, and when I thought about saying yes, it made me really happy.
Ross: What was, what was that?
Monica: What are you talking about?
Pete: Yeah. Monica, I want you there in the front row when I win. I want you close enough to smell the blood. What do you think?
Phoebe: (singing) “Crazy underwear, creepin' up my butt. (Jason enters) Crazy underwear, always in a rut. Crazy under- (sees Jason) -wear...” (In her head) Oh No! What is he doing here? All right, just keep playing, just keep playing. You'll get through this; you'll be fine. (She tries to continue the song, but she has lost the ability to pronounce words, and the lyrics come out as gibberish.) (giving up on the song) Okay, thank you. And, as always no one talk to me after the show.
Joey: (lying on a beach towel, recapping what happened in the last episode) Okay, so we went to the beach, because Phoebe found out about this lady who knew her mom and dad, and I don’t really know what happened with that.
Joey: (voice-over) ...and he couldn’t let it go, and... I don’t really know what happened with that either. 
Joey: (voice-over) Oh-oh! And then Ross’s new girlfriend, Bonnie, shows up and Rachel convinced her to save her head. And then Ross and Rachel kiss, and now Ross has to choose between Rachel and the bald girl and I don’t know what happened there either... 
Phoebe Sr.: Well, any how, some how I got pregnant, and, and I was scared. I was stupid and sellfish, and I was 18 years old. I mean, you remember what it’s like to be eighteen years old?
Monica: Sweety, what are you talking about?
Rachel: (coming down the stairs) Hey! (Ross jumps up, and quickly puts the letter back together, pretending like he has just finished it.) What happened to you? Why didn’t you come up?
Rachel: What are you talking about, Ross, you just said that you read it twice! Look, y'know what, either it does or it doesn’t, and if you have to even think about it...
Joey: (climbing out of the hole) What?! What?!! What is it?!
Monica: What?! What is it?!
Ross: What happened?
Chandler: Look, Ross, you have what you want, you’re back with Rachel. If you bring this up now you’re gonna wreck the best thing that even happened to you.
Ross: What the hell happened on that beach?!
Ross: (coming back in with Rachel) Hey, you guys! What do you, what do you think about making that beach trip an annual thing?
Rachel: All right, that’s it, you guys! What happened out there?
Ross: What happened? Joey?
Rachel: Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Ross: I didn’t know what I was taking full responsibility for! Okay?! I didn’t finish the whole letter!
Rachel: (sees Chip’s phone number) Wow! Look at that, Chip Matthews called. I wonder what he wants?
Joey: What kind of profit is that?! And you call yourself an accountant.
Joey: Oh. What do you do?
Chandler: I can’t believe you don’t know what I do for a living!
Rachel: Nooo! It’s not okay! I can’t believe you would want to after what he did to me!
Rachel: (entering) You guys, you’re never gonna believe what I just found tacked up on a telephone pole! (She’s holding a flyer.) Look kinda familiar?
Rachel: You guys, there’s a little girl in Soho looking for this cat. I mean, you know what that means?!
Monica: That’s what we used to call your ah, your motorcycle in high school. Y'know how a motorcycle is a Chopper, and you’re Chip. Nevermind.
Chandler: (lets him out) What happened?!!
Chandler: What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Joey: I was tryin’ to make a sale!! Oh, man, if I ever run into that guy again, do you know what I’m gonna do?
Monica: (entering) Oh my God! What happened?
Ross: (entering) Hey! So ah, what did the insurance company say?
Phoebe: Okay, then you don’t know what it feels like when one of them comes back. Do you? I believe this is my Mother. Even if I’m wrong, who cares? Just be a friend. Okay? Be supportive.
Ross: I don’t know what to say.
Ross: (goes over to Julio) Come here, here, come here, come here, (pause) Mrs. Buffay. Sorry, about what I said, umm, it was, it was insensitive of me to say that you were just a cat. When clearly you are also the reincarnated spirit, of my friend’s mother.
Rachel: So honey, what are you gonna do about the little girl?
Ross: Come on, I think this is a good thing. I don’t think Mom would’ve hired you if she didn’t think you were good at what you do.
Rachel: What is she doing here?
Chandler: I hope you know what I’m giving up for ya, because she’s not just the boss in your office, if you know what I mean.
Joey: Yeah-eh-eah! (Rachel glares at him) Oh-oh, sorry, I-I knew what he meant.
Mrs. Geller: Ahh, that’s what your Grandmother’s hands looked like when we found her.
The Salesman: Actually, I’m not buying. I’m selling. Let me ask you one question. Do your friends ever have a conversation and you just nod along even though you’re not really sure what they’re talking about?
Joanna: What are you doing?
Chandler: What is it?
Rachel: Y'know what Chandler, you got yourself into those cuffs, you get yourself out of them.
Rachel: Wait a minute! What are you gonna tell Joanna?
The Salesman: So, here’s somebody interesting, Joey. What do you know about Van Gogh?
Joey: Wow! That’s pretty nice. I thought he cut off his ear ‘cause he sucked. What else you got in there?
The Salesman: Actually its, Vatican City. Now ahh, what do you know about vulcanised rubber?
Phoebe: Well, who cares what your Mom thinks? So you pulled a Monica.
Phoebe: No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we’ll call that pulling a Monica.
Rachel: What if I clean your bathroom for a month?
The Salesman: So, what do you say, Joey? You get the whole set of encyclopedias for twelve hundred dollars, which works out to just 50 bucks a book!
The Salesman: Well ah, what can you swing?
Joey: You wanna see what I got? (He gets up to empty out his pockets) Okay? I’ve got a baby Tootsie Roll, a movie stub, keys, a Kleenex, a rock, and an army man. Hey!
The Salesman: For 50 bucks, you can get one book! What will it be? A? B? C?
Rachel: Oh, I called them. And when they ask me what I saw, I can be very generous (Holds her hands far apart) or very (In a high pitched voice) stingy.
(She motions for them to come closer, they lean in and she whispers what Rachel told her. The guys both lean back laughing.]
Joey: Well, we can talk about something else. What do you want to talk about? Vivisection? The Vasdeferens? The Vietnam War?
(She goes back and forth, not sure what to do first, put the bagel down or grab the key. She finally puts the bagel down and grabs the key and goes over to unlock Joanna.)
Mr. Treeger:: What are you doing?
Phoebe: I don’t what your talking about. (Laughs nervously and continues to leaqve)
Rachel: Oh! My hero! What happened?
Monica: What a minute, what did he say?
Joey: He said that he wasn’t gonna apologize because you guys are living here illegally, so instead what he’s gonna do is have you evicted—I’ll see you later.
Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa, hey! Now remember what we talked about, you gotta be strong.
Joey: What, what is it?
[Scene: Central Perk, Joey is telling Monica and Rachel what he has to do.]
Chandler: We’re doomed. Okay, they’re gonna take 50 bucks out of our accounts for the rest of our lives. What are we gonna do?
Rachel: (laughing) What was that?
Phoebe: Oh yeah, oh and I know, but this isn’t what it looks like, ‘cause Rick is my ahh, husband.
Rachel: What are you ever gonna use that for?!
Phoebe: I just-I just started walking around not knowing what to do next, y’know? I-I started asking people on the street if they wanted massages. Then these policemen, thought I was a whore too. It’s been a really bad day, whore wise.
Phoebe: Before I start, I just wanna say that umm, I have a cold, so if I sneeze in the middle of song, it's not on purpose. Oh, except the last verse of Pepper People. (Starts to sing) Smelly cat, smelly cat. What are they feeding you? (Stops singing) This chick sounds good. (Singing) Smelly cat, smelly--(stops singing) Hey Gunther, be a good little boy and bring me a whiskey.
Kathy: (laughs) What about the duck?
Rachel: Y'know what else is really great about him, oh, what is the word for the adult that doesn't have dinosaur toys in their bedroom?
Rachel: What was that?
Kathy: Hey, Chandler! What are you doing here?
Ross: Pheebs, what are you doing?
Monica: What are you doing with those?!
Kathy: (to Chandler) So? Huh? What do you think?
Chandler: Y'know what I think it is? It's the fishnet stockings. Y'know? Whenever I see a girl in fishnet stockings it reminds me of my father in fishnet stockings.
Joey: (to Kathy) I'll be right back. (to Chandler) What was that?
Chandler: Hey, look, what do you want from me?
Chandler: Okay, what do you saw I go over there and say how much I like her? (Joey gives him a thumbs up) No-no it'll be good, I can tell her much I've been thinking about her. That I haven't stopped thinking about her since the moment I met her. That I'm so fantastically, over-the-top, wanna-slit-my-own-throat in love with her, that for every minute of every hour of every day I can't believe my own damn bad luck that you met her first!!
Monica: And what are you laughing at, Miss `My-keg-sucking-boyfriend-is-stealing-from-me!'
Gunther: I don't know if you heard about what happened between me and Phoebe the other day_
(Gunther walks away, leaving Rachel with a `What just happened?' look on her face.)
Phoebe: Hey what are you guys looking at? 
Rachel: Yeah, so what is she, like a... like a spokesmodel, or an aerobics instructor, what? 
Phoebe: Yeah, and what a great way to say, "I secretly love you, roommate's girlfriend!" 
Rachel: Oh my God! What happened? 
Phoebe: Wow, what is with all the negativity? You sound like Monican't , not Monican... (Monica looks almost puzzled) ...Monica. Look, you know, you have been playing around with this catering thing for over three years. Do you want to be a caterer or not? 
Chandler: It's okay, the duck's using our bathroom anyway. (Kathy goes into the bathroom.) Hey Joe! What are you getting Kathy for her birthday? 
Phoebe: Oh, look what we almost left. (Picks up a coffee maker) 
Phoebe: Oh, all right. Oh! Look what we almost took! 
Rachel: You know what we should all do? Go see a musical. 
Rachel: What did you get her? (Joey opens up a rectangular black box and holds up a pen.) 
Rachel: Okay, honey, what he means by that, is ...while this is a very nice gift, maybe it's just not something a boyfriend gives? 
Chandler: All right, look, look. What did... what did you get for Angela Delveccio for her birthday? 
Phoebe: I know, it's tough. You know what the first thing I did after my mother's funeral was? 
Monica: Okay. So what do you.... you think she's faking? 
Joey: Wow. Thanks. So, uh, what happened? 
Ross: What do you mean? Nothing happened! I had to get out of there. 
Joey: What kind of smell? 
Chandler: What do you mean? 
Joey: What is the big deal? It's not like we're exclusive.
Ross: Here we go. (Plays one note) Y'know, I've-I've never played my stuff for anyone before, so it's important that-that you understand it's about communicating very private emotions. (Plays another note) Y'know, umm, you should-you should think of umm, my work as wordless sound poems. That's what I'm...
Phoebe: What are you guys talking about, I loved it! It was soo moving. Oh, plus it's just, it's so different from the stuff you usually hear.
Chandler: Yeah, I know what you're thinkin'! Yes, yes, your breasts are just as firm and juicy.
Chandler: I like it in the stern. (Realizes what he just said.) ...of the boat. (The phone rings, and he answers it.) (on phone) Hello.
Chandler: What happened?
Kathy: So what did you do today?
Kathy: Yeah, I do. Of course, I learned at my aunt's dog grooming shop, but hey, what do you say?
Chandler: What-what 'cha doin'?
Chandler: Ooh! Yes! Okay! Here's what we do, we-we forget it happened.
Joey: (rushing in) Oh my God! What happened here? Did you do all this?
Joey: Oh-no-no-no, you are! You do this, you give me the great advice, and hey listen, I was thinking about what you said yesterday about focusing on one woman, I'm gonna do that.
Joey: Y'know what I think? I think somebody's got a little crush on Casey. How 'bout I fix you two up? What do you think?
Chandler: God!! (Sits down in disgust.) What am I gonna do?!
Chandler: See uh, that's-that's actually what I wanted to talk to you about. I-I think I know who the other guy is.
Joey: Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like "Well, kinda.") Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Voice: What is the name of your roommate who is very, very sorry and would do anything… (Joey realizes it’s Chandler and hangs up the phone in anger.)
Chandler: Op, y'know what though, it’s kind’ve a girlie briefcase.
Chandler: Hey, what time is it? The big game is about to start!
Monica: What is wrong with this freezer?! (She jabs her arm into the freezer and a piece of ice flies into her eye.) Ow! Ow!!
Phoebe: God, what happened?!
Ross: Really?! Wow! That’s-that’s so nice, what are you gonna get me?
Ross: What are you doing?
Ross: Listen, Joey, I know what he did was wrong but don’t you think you could at least hear the guy out?
Ross: Wow! I’m honored! And y’know what I’m gonna do as my first act as your best friend?
Chandler: Hey, look, what do you want me to say? Do you want me to say that I’ll stop seeing her?
Joey: Look, it’s not about her. Okay? But seeing you two together just reminds me of what you did. And I don’t want to live with some one who doesn’t know what it is to be a friend. So, I’ll see ya. (He starts to leave, but Chandler grabs his bag and stops him.)
Chandler: Hey, look, I know what it is to be a friend, I just-I just screwed up!
Chandler: All right look, if you’re not gonna stay for me, then at least stay for them! Okay, they have had a very difficult year! What with the robbery and all!
Joey: When that guy was robbing us, and I was locked in the entertainment unit for like six hours, you know what I was doing in there all that time? I was thinking about how I let you down! 
Joey: Yeah! But if would’ve know what kind of friend you were gonna turn out to be, I wouldn’t have worried about it so much! See you around!
Rachel: So now, what exactly is the point of the box?
Chandler: The meaning of the box is three fold. One (holds a finger up through the air hole), it gives me the time to think about what I did. Two (holds up another finger), it proves how much I care about my friendship with Joey. And three (holds up a third finger), it hurts!
Ross: What did you get?
Chandler: What happened? What happened?!
Rachel: Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!
Ross: I don’t know what to say, I’m sorry. Though, you’re not supposed to take these. (Points to the bone) It’s like a million years old, we, we actually, we had people looking for that.
KATHY: Oh. Well uh, (to Chandler) you not being able to talk may make this easier. Listen umm… (She looks at the gang who are watching, they take the hint and leave them alone.) Listen I don’t wanna be someone who comes between two best friends. I just, I can’t stand seeing what this is doing to you guys, and I don’t wanna be the cause of that. So, I don’t think we can see each other anymore. I’m gonna go to my mom’s in Chicago, I’m gonna stay there for awhile. I think this could’ve be something really amazing, but y’know this is probably for the best. Y’know? I’m gonna miss you. Good-bye, Chandler. 
Ross: What did you want to show us? Because all I can see is this bitchin' van!
Phoebe: And also, we don’t know what to do with this. (She turns on a switch and the girl’s nipples light up.)
Monica: Wow, Monica! What an amazing opportunity to influence… dozens of people.
Phoebe: How could you say yes, what about our catering business?
Joey: Really. And what do you mean you never have fun anymore? You have fun with me, remember that time we saw those strippers and you paid me 50 bucks to eat that book?
Ross: What happened?
Mr. Posner: You have a very impressive resume, Ms. Green. I especially like what I see here about implementing a new filing system.
Joanna: (interrupting) And Rachel shouldn’t have any problem with that. The only problem might be getting a little too friendly, if you know what I mean.
Monica: Hand me those tomatoes, I’m gonna show you what it should taste like! Come on, hand me them.
Rachel: No! It didn’t! That’s what I want to talk to you about. (starts to break up) Now, just to brief you… (starts to cry) I may cry, but they are not tears of sadness or of anger, but just of me having this discussion with you.
Joanna: What?! What would make you think that?
Joanna: Wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait-wait!! If you’re gonna get all sensitive about it! I don’t want to lose you. What if I, create a position for you? I’ll make you an assistant buyer in this department.
Joey: Hey! What are you guys doing here? I thought you’d be out partying with Gandel-worf.
Joey: So what if he didn’t come! We can still go out and party ourselves!
Rachel: Ohh, it’s gonna be so great! I’m gonna get to help decide what we sell, I’m gonna have an office with walls and everything. (turns to Monica) I’m gonna have walls!
Phoebe: Yeah! What are you saying?
Ross: And so what if I like to go home, throw on some Kenny G, and take a bath!
Phoebe: Yeah. That’s what you really want. Yeah, I don’t want to be the reason you’re unhappy, that would just make me unhappy, and I really don’t want to be the reason I’m unhappy.
Joey: Well, I know what I’m giving you for Christmas.
Chandler: Hey, you know what you can do? I remember reading about this director, I think it was Orson Wells, who at the beginning of the movie would hire somebody, just so he could fire them in front of everybody. Then they would all know, who’s boss.
Chandler: Well, I don’t really know what that is, but let’s!!
Joey: What are you talking about? Lots of things rhyme with Rachel. Bagel. Mail. Jail. Bail. Able. May-pole.
Rachel: Well, so what does he do?
Joey: Oh, what are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
Joey: Hey, what happened to your fancy chef’s jacket? (sees there’s a burn spot on it)
Monica: What are you doing?!
Monica: What the hell happened?!
Monica: What kinda things have you been saying?
Chandler: (interrupting) Oh, y’know, y’know what Pheebs?
Chandler: Oh yeah, then uh, what was Phoebe’s song about?
Rachel: What?! Chandler, what is the matter with you?!
Kitchen Worker: Well, I don’t know what to tell ya!
Joey: What are you gonna do? You’re gonna fire me?
Chandler: Well, you-you know what I meant.
Chandler: So what job did you get Joe?
Monica: What did you tell them?
Phoebe: Well, they said that I had to think about it first, but what is there to think about? I’m gonna be giving them the greatest gift you can possibly give.
Monica: Then what is it?
Phoebe Sr: I mean, I know what I’m talking about. I gave up two babies, and I only wish I had someone there that had given up babies, that could tell me how terrible it is to give up babies. I just think that, it would be something you will regret every single day for the rest of your life. So, how ever hard it is to give up this puppy, it would be like a million times harder to give up a child. (Phoebe is playing with the puppy again, and not listening) I really shouldn’t have given you the puppy first.
Ross: (entering) Hey, uh, I’m really, really sorry about what happened in the cafeteria today.
Joey: It’s no big deal. Hey, y’know, you do what you gotta do. Right?
Chandler: Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y’know, I know where everything goes, it’s always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody’s killing her in there!"
Rachel: Well, y’know, sometimes that helps. (She realises what that could’ve meant.)
Ross: Y'know, we work in a museum of natural history, and yet there is something unnatural about the way we eat lunch. Now, I look around this cafeteria, and y’know what I see, I see-I see division. Division, between people in white coats and people in blue blazers, and I ask myself, "My God why?!" Now, I say we shed these-these coats that separate us, and we get to know the people underneath. (He takes off his coat and throws it down.) I’m Ross! I’m divorced, and I have a kid!
Phoebe: Ooh, I can’t do this. My mom was right. If I can’t-if I can’t give him up, then there’s no way I can give up a baby. Ohh, God, Frank and Alice are gonna be so crushed. What-what else, what else can I give ‘em—a kidney!
Monica: What are you doing?
Alice: (shocked) Oh! Oh! Oh! Thank you so much! You don’t know what this means to us! Oh!
Monica: What if I asked?
Rachel: What the hell is that?!! (to Monica) What the hell is that? Is that you? (Monica nods her head no, and Rachel realizes what is making that sound.) Ohhhhhhh! (storms over to Chandler and Joey’s with Monica in trail.) 
Rachel: What is that noise?
Monica: What kind of changes?
Ross: Hey, what are you doing shopping at eight in the morning?
Frank: Hey, y’know I was thinking, what are the odds like if-if, if you stuff like 200 of them in there?
Ross: What is Monica’s biggest pet peeve?
Ross: According to Chandler, what phenomenon scares the bejeezus out of him?
Chandler: Althea?! What are you doing?! 
Ross: Every week, the TV Guide comes to Chandler and Joey’s apartment. What name appears on the address label?
Ross: Ooh. What is the name of Chandler’s father’s Las Vegas all-male burlesque?
Chandler: Well, I’m so confused as to what we’ve been doing so far…
Joey: What do you have against the duck?! He doesn’t make any noise!
Ross: You have 30 seconds. And the lightning round begins—stop it (Chandler stops jumping)—now. What was Monica’s nickname when she was a field hockey goalie?
Ross: Correct. In what part of her body did Monica get a pencil stuck at age 14?
(As they change places, they give each other the now patented Ross maneuver. If you don’t know what that means, click here to find out The One With Joey’s New Girlfriend.)
Ross: 30 seconds on the clock. 5 questions wins the game. The lightning round begins…now! What is Joey’s favorite food?
Ross: Correct! What is Chandler Bing’s job?
Monica: Yeah. (to Chandler) I bet you can’t guess what color my tonsils are? I’ll bet the apartment!
Rachel: That’s right! You do what the hand says!
Monica: What is it?!
Chandler: What?! What-what is it?!
Phoebe: Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
Monica: What are you doing?
Chandler: All right, look, look, what am I gonna do?
Monica: (laughs) Please, it’s a relief is what it is, is what it is.
Rachel: Hi, I’m Rachel Green. What can I do for you Joshua?
Joshua: Anyway, she burned all of my clothes. I got away with two things. This suit and what turned out to be a skirt.
Chandler: I’m right! Right? There was like no chemistry between them. Before they had heat, and now there’s no heat! Now you know what this means, Joey told us what this means!
Chandler: Well, that is what happened, and I don’t even see you denying this!
Phoebe: Ooh, what do I smell?
Rachel: Why? Honey, what is the big deal?
Rachel: Chandler, what did she say?
Chandler: Well, I may be drunk, but I know what she said! Then I went over to Beefsteak Julie’s…
Joey: What the heck is that?
Ross: He’s right, what she did was unforgivable.
Chandler: Well, yeah, but y'know, what-what if I was wrong?
Chandler: Well y'know, what if she didn’t actually sleep with the guy?
Joshua: What do you think?
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, erm, Chandler and Joey's, Joey is debriefing Rachel on her rejection earlier that day and telling her what she should’ve done. Ross and Phoebe are watching.]
Joey: Okay, for next time, what do you say?
Phoebe: Oh did you—what did you—did you work for two days straight?
Monica: Pretty much. (to Joey) So, what do you, what do you think of the floor?
Ross: What are you saying?
Phoebe: (holding a lure) So now, what is this now?
Joey: (going over and picking up the rod) That’s all right. Hey you guys, you know what’s going to be great about the fishing trip this year? When my dad gets me out in the middle of the lake and gives me that, "Joey, what are you doing with your life?" stuff. I can say, "Well, I’m doing a movie with Charlton Heston dad. What are you doing with your life?"
Joshua: (turning around) Oh! You know what I need? 
Chandler: Y’know, I can’t believe Kathy did this too me. I really, thought that she was the one. I tell you what, from now on I’m never getting out of this chair, ever! Okay? From now on, this chair is the one! You wanna what else is the one? My sweat pants!
Rachel: Ohh, it’s Joshua invited me to this fancy club opening tonight. But, I already told Mr. Waltham that I would take his niece to this dumb old opera. So… What are you gonna do?
Phoebe: That’s short for Phoebe?! I thought that was just what we called each other!
Rachel: I don’t care! All right, y’know what I’m just upset that I’m getting nowhere with Joshua that—y’know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Monica: What are you doing?! Chandler! You can’t just go back a phase!
Joey: (trying to act like he’s not the one that stinks.) Whoa! Yeah, what the hell is that? What smells so bad?
Rachel: (joining them) Well, I just checked our messages and Joshua didn’t call. I mean you’d think he’d be worried about me not showing up at his club. Ugh, you know what makes it so much worse, Ross is all happy in Vermont!
Phoebe: And do you know what girls are really good at?
Phoebe: Oh! What is that? What is that?
Ross: Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other. 
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, erm, Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is there and is getting ready to direct a bunch of strippers, Monica, Rachel, and Phoebe on what to do in the upcoming orgy of lesbian lust. Yes, it’s a dream sequence, this isn’t cable.]
Chandler: All right ladies, here’s what we’re gonna do. (Points to a stripper.) You are gonna take off my clothes. (To another two strippers) You two, go get the oils. (To another stripper) And you just constantly scream at the top of your voice, "Chandler’s the king! Chandler’s the king!"
Monica: Wait, now, what am I doing again?
Chandler: What do you want from me, I’ve never met the guy. So anyway, Rachel, I’m sorry you can’t stay, (Rachel is upset about leaving the orgy with the cigarette guy.) but the rest of us have a lot of work to do. (The cigarette guy starts rubbing Chandler’s back.) What are you doing? (The guy just nods) All right, listen, I’ve got to wake up!
Rachel: Chandler, don’t worry! This doesn’t make you any less of a guy! (Chandler starts blowing on his fingernails like women do.) That does! (Chandler stops blowing.) What am I sitting on? (She looks and finds a huge nail.) I hate to think what this woman was scratching when this broke off.
Monica: Joey let me ask you a question. What does this light switch do?
Monica: Didn’t it drive you crazy to have a switch and not know what it did?
Joey: I know what it did! Nothing.
Rachel: Well, here’s another question for ya. Uhh, do you know what that silver knob on the toilet does?
Joey: So what are you doing bringing her here?! There’s people here!
Ross: Oh, just hold on a second. I’m watching this rugby thing on ESPN. I don’t know what the big deal is. I’m man enough to play this sport.
Ross: Okay, I know what I have to do. I’ve got to go Red Ross. (Joey and Phoebe don’t know what he’s talking about.) Y’know, Red Ross!
Joey: I totally don’t know what you’re talking about.
Rachel: You…are…not going to believe it! Joshua came into work today, and guess what happened?
Rachel: (refers to the table) What are these?
Chandler: What would you give to a kid if he wanted a ticket to play with?
Chandler: No. All right, y’know what, she’s (Points to Janice) gonna think that I’m handing you a credit card, but what I’m really gonna do is hand you a library card.
Emily: No. That’s not what I’m saying. I just may know a few things that might help you inflict some pain.
Rachel: (noticing a bunch of pictures around the door that weren’t there originally.) What-what are-what are these?
Monica: I just thought that if I could follow the wire I could find out what it did.
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's erm, Monica and Rachel’s, Monica has finally given up on her search to find what the light switch does and is now flicking it on and off aimlessly.]
Monica: All right. The super couldn’t figure out what it did. A $200 an hour electrician couldn’t figure out what it did. I’ve had seven pretty serious shocks. I officially give up.
Monica: What is it hon?
Phoebe: God! Ooh! What is that smell? It’s coming from the bathroom. Ooh! (She goes to the bathroom.)
Phoebe: It’s me. It’s Phoebe. Listen there’s something in here I want to eat, what-what smells so good?
Chandler: What are you writing?
Chandler: Oh yeah? (He grabs the pad and starts reading it.) Joshua, give me a call sometime, guys like you (Pause) never go out of style—what did you throw away?
Joey: Hey, what have you guys been up too?
Joey: Hey that’s what all my relationships are like.
Joshua: (noticing her) Hey-whoa-hey-hey, what was that?
Chandler: What are you talking about?
Joey: What-what-what is so funny?
Phoebe: Ooh, yeah. Then what are you going to put on top of that?
Phoebe: Ooh yeah! Then umm, what goes on top of the salami?
Ross: What big thing?
Chandler: What are the odds? What are the odds?
Joey: Phoebe, what-what are you doing?!
Phoebe: Yeah, but at what cost? Six more months, three meals a day, I’m gonna eat like, y’know millions of cows.
Joey: Hey, what if I said, I could even things out for ya, meatwise.
Monica: Rachel-Rachel-Rachel I-I cannot, I can’t let—(pause), actually I kinda want to see what happens.
Rachel: What do you get? (She throws her pom-poms to Joey and Phoebe and performs a cartwheel.) Emily!! (Tries to do another one.) Emil—Whoa!! (She falls in Chandler’s room.) Okay! So that’s me as a cheerleader! Ta-dum! (Gunther’s the only one that claps.)
Rachel: I’m fine! I’m fine! I’m just losing a tooth, it’s no big deal. I have a dentist! Y’know. I’m gonna go put some ice on it. Excuse me. (She goes over to the ice and Joey and Monica follow her.) What do I do now? What do I do now?
Rachel: Oh, yeah! Real fun. (She makes a decision.) Y’know, this bra… Really, bothers me. (She starts taking off her bra.) Y’know, this used to be my bedroom. Yeah. A lot of memories in here, a lot of memories. If these walls could talk, y’know what they’d say? Wanna hear some memories? (She is now violently pulling on her bra in order to remove it, but it isn’t co-operating.)
Joshua: Well, what was supposed to happen?
Ross: What do you mean?
Ross: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no commitment.
Ross: Thanks. (He starts to go inside and stops.) What photo album was it?
Joey: Oooh, what you got there?
Joey: Oh-ho-ho, yeah! Hey! Y’know what goes good with that?
Joey: (coming in from his bedroom) What is that?
Mr. Treeger: What in the name of hell?
Joey: Whoa! Is this porn? What did I do? I must’ve hit something on the remote.
Joey: Maybe we shouldn’t pay our gas bill? (Stops and thinks about what he just said.)
Chandler: We don’t know what could make this go away.
Rachel: Honey, what are you doing? That’s too heavy.
Ross: What-what is love really?
Phoebe: What do you know?!
Emily: Oh my God! What are you doing here? (They hug)
Phoebe: Well, Frank has to quit college because his super fertile sister is having three babies! I need to make a lot of money really fast, and I had an idea that I want to talk to you (Points to Chandler) about, ‘cause you work for a big company. Okay, insider trading, what information is there that you can give me.
Monica: Ohh! Did you do what I said? Did-did-did you tell her?
Monica: And well, what did she say?
Joey: Yeah, what were you trying to get her to do?!
Ross: What do I do now?
Rachel: Well, what-what ‘cha got there?
Phoebe: Oh this, well I’m glad you asked. (She opens the case and removes a knife and an soda can.) Now, don’t you hate it when you have to cut a tin can with an ordinary steak knife? (She efficiently cuts it in half.) Ahh! Now, I know what you’re thinking…
Monica: When Rachel was with Paulo, what did you do?
Phoebe: Okay. You know how people need transportation, but they also need massages to help them relax so I just figured we could combine the two, okay, I give the massages and Frank drives! I can fix up the van, bolt the table in the back, and you know what I’ve got?
Monica: What are you doing here? You can’t be here!
Chandler: Hey! Wow, it is true what they say, pregnant bellies look like a drum.
Phoebe: Listen. Listen. (She starts to play and sing.) Smelly cat, smelly cat, what are they feeding you? 
Phoebe: Hey! What are you doing here?
Ross: Oh, no-no-no, see, that-that clock’s a little fast, uh, we have 17 minutes. Huh, what can we do in 17 minutes? Twice?
Joey: What do ya say? What do ya say?
Joey: I knew I shouldn’t have mentioned it! That’s what I wanted to name my kid!
Rachel: What am I making him by the way?
Ross: What a weird way to kick me when I’m down.
Phoebe: Well, how about a compromise then, okay? What if it’s like y’know, Chanoey?
Joshua: Yeah-yeah, it’s this huge place, and-and it’s got this gorgeous view of the park, and very, very romantic. What do you say?
Ross: Well, I asked him if he wanted to eat, he said, "No." I asked him if he wanted to sleep, he said, "No." I asked him what he wanted to do, he said, "No." So, he’s sweeping. (We see Ben playing with a broom and a dustpan.)
Joshua: Mom, Dad, what are you guys doing here?
Rachel: What? This-this, no, oh no, no-no-no, this is not—that’s-that’s not what it is. See, see, okay, I work in fashion, see and-and, this is a real dress actually. It’s-it’s, they’re-they’re wearing it in Milan, so part of my job is too wear the clothes, and then I see how people respond, and then I report back to my superiors at Bloomingdale’s, so… And obviously in uh, in-in this case, (She grabs a pen and paper) I am going to report back, "USA not ready."
Joey: Dude, I am sorry about what I said!
Phoebe: All right, so, what are we supposed to call you?
Chandler: Okay, so what name am I cool enough to pull off?
Phoebe: Yeah, she turned you into this-this-this untrusting, crazy, jealous, sycophant. (They all look at her.) All right, so I don’t know what sycophant means, but the rest is right.
Ross: Look, I don’t know what you’re talking about, I am not a crazy, jealous person.
Monica: Look, all we’re trying to say is, don’t let what happened with Carol ruin what you got with Emily.
Monica: Hey, I have all the space I need. Just do what I did.
Monica: Hey, guys, what-what should I wear to a Knicks game?
Rachel: Oh, come on! We know what these are worth.
Monica: What do you say?
Joey: Come on, season tickets! Season tickets, do you know what that means?
Ross: I like it, and Emily likes it, and that’s what counts. So uh, how are you guys doing?
Chandler: So what are you going to do?
Rachel: All right, okay, look, what if you could keep the apartment and get the tickets?
Monica: All right, so what do you say?
Phoebe: Ooh, this is so exciting! Ooh, God, what are you going to bet?
Phoebe: Oh, well, it doesn’t have a name—oh, okay, Phoebeball! No, it doesn’t have a name. Umm, okay, Monica, what is your favourite thing about trees?
Monica: You wanna finish this right now? All right, we get a deck of cards, high card wins. What do you say?
Phoebe: What make you think I can?! (Shields her eyes from it.)
Joey: Seriously, good game though. Good game. (He tries to congratulate them, but they pull away.) (To Chandler) What are they so mad about? They get the apartment back!
Ross: No! No! I’m not! It’s-it’s-it’s perfect! I mean it’s better than you just-just moving here, ‘cause it’s us together forever, and that’s-that’s what I want.
(They both sprint to what used to be their apartment.)
Chandler: What the hell is going on?!
Chandler: Gunther, can I get another cup of coffee, please? (Gunther starts to pour him another cup.) So uh, what do you do when you’re not working here?
Joey: I gotta do what I gotta do, you gotta do what you gotta do, you just do it.
Chandler: That’s what I did. Wah-pah!
Ross: Hey, y’know, y’know what would make me really happy?
Rachel: Handling it? What do you mean, handling it? There’s nothing to handle. Now, maybe I would have a problem with this if it wasn’t for me and Joshua. Y’know, they’re not gonna get married anyway!
Rachel: Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it’s ridiculous! I mean, they’re gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they’ve done and they’re call the whole thing off. I’m telling ya, you’re gonna be dancing at my wedding before you’re dancing at there’s.
Ross: So, what are you guys doing four weeks from today?
Rachel: Well, yeah, right, y’know what? Yeah, you’re right, I mean, we no, we have our fun. Yeah! But if (Grunts uncomprehensively)……I mean, I mean like craaaazy! Y’know? Okay, all right. This is gonna, this is gonna sound y’know, a little umm, hasty, but uh, just go with it. Umm. Ugh. What if we got married?
Chandler: So uh, what are you in for?
Chandler: What a coincidence, I listen in my sleep.
Phoebe: What is that?
Phoebe: What did he say?
Ross: What happened?
Phoebe: (looks at Monica) Hey, y’know what might cheer you up?
Joey: And while we’re down at the video store, you know what else we could rent? Die Hard! (Chandler’s excited.) Oh, y’know what? I just remembered, that Everest thing is only available through mail order.
Emily: So what did he decide? Does your Uncle Nathan get an invite or not?
Ross: No, hey, I get that, okay, I get that big time. And I’m happy for ya, but I’m tired of having a relationship with your answering machine! Okay, I don’t know what to do anymore.
Ross: Oh I’m, I’m making this too hard. Okay, what do you want me to do.
Rachel: So what do you say? Can I be your girlfriend again?
Rachel:  ...the way you owned up to everything, it just showed me how much you’ve grown. Y'know?  I mean my Mom never thought this would work out. It was all, “Once a cheater, always a cheater.”  Ooh, I just wish we hadn’t lost those four months, but if time was what you needed just to gain a little perspective...
Ross: Yeah, I really do. Yeah, but what am I gonna do, I mean we-we both agreed that it was gonna be a two-week thing, y’know no commitment.
Monica: You know what would be real weird? Is if you weren’t there. Just say you’ll think about it, okay?
Rachel: What did you just say?
Rachel: [on phone] Ross, hi, it's Rachel. I'm just calling to say that um, everything's fine and I'm really happy for you and your cat...(cut)...I am over you. I am over you and that, my friend, is what they call closure. [hangs up and tosses phone in the ice bucket]
Ross: What does this mean? What do you, I mean do you wanna, get back together?
Monica: You know what this is, this is us getting ready for the prom.
[Rachel, seeing what he did for her, gets up, walks across the room, and kisses Ross]
Joey: (impatiently tapping Chandler on the shoulder) What about me?! You-you just said I could!
Monica: What Phoebe meant to say was umm, how come you’re having a party and we’re not invited?
Joey: Oh-whoa, what party?
Joey: This is what I’ve got going for the party so far, liquor wise. Get a lot of liquor.
Chandler: (entering) Hey guys, what are you doing?
Monica: Look what I got! Look what I got! Look what I got! (She shows Rachel what she bought. She bought a little leather jacket and a little cowboy outfit for the babies.) Can you believe they make these for little people?
Phoebe: What the hell is this?! What, did you actually thought it would make me feel better to give me stuff that I can’t use for another two months?! This sucks! All right, what’s my next present?!
Ross: Hey-hey, what are those?
Joey: Dude, this isn’t funny! What am I gonna do?! I go to bed last night, everything’s cool! I wake up this morning, the stripper’s gone and the ring is gone!
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is trying to figure out what to do.]
Joey: Ugh! I don’t know what I’m going to do! I called the company that sent and th-they don’t care! Then I called 9-1-1 and they laughed at me, if this isn’t an emergency, then what is?
Ross: I just wanted to thank you again for last night, what a great party! And the guys from work had a blast. Y’know, one of them had never been to a bachelor party before. Yeah! And-and another one had never been to a party before, so…
Ross: So what, Joey? Wh-wh-what? What are you telling me? That there’s nothing we can do? Well, how could this happen?!
Chandler: Well, what if we just ah, called her, used a fake name, and had her come to my office?
The Stripper: Okay, who are you? The Hardy boys? Look, I don’t need to steal some stupid ring, all right? I make $1,600 a week doing what I do; any of you guys make that?
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, the guys are now trying to figure out what next to do, since their plan with the stripper backfired on them.]
Phoebe: Okay that’s even sadder. Look, I know, I know what I got myself into, it’s just that now that they’re in me it’s like, it’s like I know them y’know, I mean-I mean, it’s just not gonna be easy when these little babies have to go away.
Rachel: And y’know what else, oh my God, are they gonna love you.
Joey: So! Things can go wrong! You don’t know! What if he doesn’t make it?!
Joey: Yeah, but what if he doesn’t? He’s such a good duck.
Chandler: What a baby.
Chandler: Oh, what the hell is that?
Emily: (running in, with Ross) Oh. Oh my God. How can this be happening? What are we going to do?
Monica: (entering) Okay, I talked to the guy with the shovel and I found out what happened. 
Joey: All right! Westminster Abbey! Hands down, best Abbey I’ve ever seen. Hey! (Pushes Chandler in front of the camera.) Okay. What do you think of the Abbey, Chandler?
Rachel: Oh, honey! Don’t get up! What do you need?
Rachel: Come on! I am here to take care of you! What do you need? Anything.
Phoebe: So-so, what do you want for lunch?
The Vendor: So, what are you guys in the market for? We’ve got uh, scarves, tulip post cards...
Joey: Check this out? Huh? (Joey has this big tall hat with a British flag on the front of it.) Yeah. That’s the stuff. What do you think?
Emily: So what are you saying? It’s now or never?
Ross: There’s no ‘or’ in mind. What is wrong with these pants?!!
Ross: Hey-hey, since you’re the ‘fix-it’ lady, here’s a pickle, what do you do when the bride says she doesn’t want to have the wedding at all?
Monica: Emily has probably been planning it since she was five! Ever since the first time she took a pillowcase and hung it off the back of her head. That’s what we did! We dreamed about the perfect wedding, and the perfect place, with the perfect four-tiered wedding cake (Starting to cry), with the little people on top. (Ross gets thrown a box of Kleenex from the bathroom and he gives her one.) Thanks. But the most important part is that we had the perfect guy who understood just how important all that other stuff was.
Ross: Come on. You gotta help me figure out what to do. Okay?
Phoebe: What?! What do you mean you’re going to London?
Mrs. Geller: Jack, that’s what they call the subway.
Joey: (Looking up at the waiter)That’s not food...No, I don’t, no...(Taps Chandler on the shoulder.) Everything's different here...I want to go home. I...I miss my family. I miss the coffee house. I can’t even remember what Phoebe looks like.
Mr. Geller: (Looking at ht wedding bill.) What the hell!!!
Phoebe: (Trying to get up.) Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! (Not able to get up.) God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Monica: (Comes up for below the covers and looks concerned.) Do you think he knew I was here? (Chandler quickly looks at Monica not knowing what to say.)
Passenger: Oh-no.(He bites his fist at her.)And by the way, it seems to be perfectly clear that you were on a break. (Rachel gasps and doesn’t know what to say. He puts his headphones back on.)
Mr. Waltham: You want a piece of me, sir? Is that what your saying? (Pointing at Jack and poking him) You want a piece of me?
Emily: What was all that about?
Ross: My God. Rachel! (He walks towards her, grasps her hands and kisses her on the cheek.) Your here. I can’t believe it. (She giggles.) What happen? Why are you here?
Chandler: What we did last night was....
Monica: What were we thinking?
Ross: Take thee, Rachel...(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.) Emily. (A slight chuckle.) Emily.
Ross: Take thee, Rachel...(All his friends have looks of shock on their faces. He realizes what he said. Quickly he says.) Emily. (A slight chuckle.) Emily.
Joey: (To the gang) Hey, no matter what happens with Ross and Emily, we still get cake right?
Chandler: Oh wow, I hope you don’t take this the wrong way but, I know we had plans to meet up tonight and, ugh, I’m just kinda worried about what it might do to our friendship.
Rachel: Monica, what should I do?
Rachel: Whoa, wait, listen, I think I’m just gonna talk to Ross about what he think it meant.
Monica: Joey, what are you doing? You promised Phoebe you wouldn’t eat meat until she has the babies!
Ross: (sarcastic) Oh! Oh-oh, the band’s ready! Well, I-I-we gotta do what the band says—I don’t care about the stupid band!!
(They all start laughing, and quickly stop when they realize what she just said and run over to the bathroom.)
Phoebe: Hi, so what happened?
Chandler: Well, I suppose I’d have to say you!! But, what if we’re watching a movie in here?
Joey: But what about how much taller he is than me?
Joey: I mean, there’s no way I can make myself taller now, y’know? And who knows what science will come up with in the future, but Chandler, what if I die an unsuccessful, regular sized man?
Monica: Right. Umm, listen since we’re-we-re on that subject, umm, I just wanted to tell you that uh, well, I-I was going through a really hard time in London, what with my brother getting married and that guy thinking I was Ross’s mother…
Ross: Hi! What are you, what are you doing here?
Rachel: So umm, what time are you supposed to leave?
(She stares at him and Ross realizes what she’s thinking.)
(Monica quickly dives under the water as Joey enters. He looks a little shocked at what Chandler's doing.)
Monica: Wait, what that place, that pub he took us too?
Ross: Okay, I did not abandon Rachel! Okay? Emily showed up at the airport! I had to go after her! I mean, I-I did what I had to do! She's my wife! Rachel is my wife! Y'know—Emily! Emily, is my wife! Man, what is that?
Rachel: Oh Ross, come on! You just did what you had to do.
(Ross bangs his fists together to tell Chandler off, like what was learned last season. Read about it here.)
(He gets up and gives Monica a rather passionate kiss as Rachel and Phoebe look on in amazement. After the kiss ends, Chandler suddenly realizes what he just did, so he decides to do something rather rash.)
Monica: (Interrupting) Oh, what about that guy over there? (She points at another guy and Gunther is deflated.) Remember? That is the guy you flirted with at the counter that time.
Rachel: All right, you're the boss. I guess I gotta do what you tell me.
Monica: What happened?
Monica: What took you so long?
Joey: (Jumping out of his way) See ya!! (To the girls.) What the hell was that?!
Rachel: Y'know what Ross? You're not going anywhere. You're gonna sit right here. I'm gonna make you a cup of tea and we're gonna talk this thing whole out. All right? (She goes out to talk to Dave) Hey, Dave!
Monica: What is the matter with you?! Do you want to fall into the trap? Do you want to fall into the trap?!
Monica: I just ran into Dave and he told me that you blew him off! I mean, you listen to me! Now, I'm calling the shots! I say you leave Ross alone and go get Dave! What the hell were you trying to do?
Ross: What thing?
Monica: Well, Rachel wants to take swing dance lessons. Which I think is a really stupid idea! It's dangerous, she's never gonna get what she wants, and who knows who she might (Turns to look at Ross) end up hurting.
Phoebe: That sucks! That's not a trip! I just came from the park! What are we gonna high five about at the stupid Central Park? "Well, it's right by my house, all right!" 
Rachel: What 'cha readin'?
Ross: Wow. Umm… Huh… I'm-I'm not sure what to do with that right now.
Ross: That is what the thing is.
Rachel: That's what I said! Thank you for being so nice. (They hug.)
Chandler: Y'know what else I can't believe? I had to kiss Phoebe and Rachel every time I left a room, I mean it's too bad they didn't see us having sex.
Nurse: (not sure what to do with that) Okay…
Ross: Hey, what took you guys so long? Your cab left when ours did!
(There's a pause as they figure out what to say.)
Phoebe: (standing up) Okay, so umm, somebody has to call Frank and Alice. (As she is talking Joey is sticking the camera under her skirt.) And then my mom wants to know-(notices Joey)-Joey, what are you doing?!
Monica: That's what it sounded like.
Rachel: Anyway, they want to take us out Saturday night! What do you say?
Rachel: What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
Joey: (entering) Ross! Get a shot of this. (He's carrying an issue of the USA Today and hands Ross the camera.) Hey babies! These are the headlines on the day you were born! Okay, now girl baby turn away and boy babies… (Throws the paper away to reveal a copy of Playpen, which is the TV version of Playboy Magazine.) Check it out, huh?! This is what naked women looked like the month you were born. All right, now let's dive right into the good stuff. (Joey opens the magazine and Ross sticks the camera in it.)
Dr. Harad: Let's see what we got here. Ohh, y'know, Fonzie dated triplets.
Phoebe: (interrupting) What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
Joey: (entering from the elevator caring gifts for the kids) Hey, you guys! Look what I found in the giiiiiiift shop. (He doubles over in pain in front an old man in a wheel chair.) Get up! Get up! Get up! (The old man waves him away.)
Phoebe: Hi! And you're going into what grade?
Joey: Umm, well, what else could it be?
Joey: (interrupting) Whoa-whoa! No-no-no-no-no, nothing is going up! Okay? Up, up is not an option—what's a urethra? (Monica whispers what it is in his ear.) Are you crazy?!
(Dr. Harad drops what he's doing and stares at her.)
Phoebe: What is that?
Chandler: So uh, now that little Chandler turned out to be a girl, what are they gonna name her?
Monica: Vomit tux? Who vomited on—y'know what, what you up to Joe?
Joey: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! What about you, having those babies for your brother? Talk about selfish!
Phoebe: What-what are you talking about?!
Ross: No wait! Look, wait! Okay, you can hang up, but I'm gonna keep calling! I'm gonna, I'm gonna call everyone in England if that's what it takes to get you to talk to me!
Chandler: Really?! That's what you heard? (To Monica) You said that?
Rachel: What-what-what are you gonna do?
Monica: What?! You can't—what did you tell her?
(Chandler enters and sees what they're watching, panics, and runs to turn off the TV.)
Joey: What?! What good is that gonna do anybody?
Gary Collins: Welcome back to our fall telethon. Now if you've been enjoying the performance of Cirque Du Soleil, (As he is speaking, Joey and the volunteer getting into a shoving match.) and you'd like to see more of the same kind of programming, it's very simple. All you have to do (Joey is knocked down.) is call in your pledge and at that time tell the operator, one of our volunteers, what kind of programming you'd like to… (Just as the volunteer sits down, Joey pulls him to the ground.)
Ross: Well, I don't know what else to do. I mean, I either keep my wife and lose one of my-my-my best friends or I keep my friend and get divorced the second time before I'm 30! So-so if anyone has-has a better suggestion, let's hear it! 'Cause I-I got nothing! All right, don't be shy, any suggestion will do. (There are none.) Okay then. Here we go. Magic 8 Ball, should I never see Rachel again? (He turns it over and reads the answer) Ask again later. Later is not good enough. (He shakes it up again and reads the answer.) Ask again later. What the hell! This is broken! It-it is broken!
Joey: $200? Are you sure Pheebs? I mean, after what Sesame Street did to ya?
Ross: Just stuff. Y'know kinda what Emily wants.
Ross: (answering the phone.) Hello. (Listens) Hi sweetie. (Listens.) Good. Look umm, yes I've been thinking about that thing that you wanted me to do and, I can do it. (Rachel gives him a thumbs up.) So will you come to New York? (Rachel wants to know what she said, and he gives her a thumbs up and she goes over and hugs him. All the time not knowing what's going on.)
Joey: Monica? What time is it?
Monica: Well that's because you always sleep to noon, silly! This is what 9 looks like.
Chandler: I know, me too. Hey! Y'know what if we went away for a whole weekend? Y'know we'd have no interruptions and we could be naked the entire time.
Monica: Wait! What about Joey?
Monica: (entering from her room) Hey, guess what I'm doing this weekend! I'm going to this culinary fair in New Jersey.
(They all reflect briefly on what was said.)
Monica: Hey, Joey's ass! What are you doing?
Chandler: (looks at what she's holding and shies away) Oh dear God, they gave us glasses!
Monica: No, they gave us glasses with lipstick on them! I mean, if they didn't change the glasses, who knows what else they didn't change. (He glares at her.) Come on sweetie, I just want this weekend to be perfect, I mean we can change rooms, can't we?
Rachel: Oh God. (He hands her some tissues.) No! Oh not again! (Wiping her nose.) This-this happened when my grandfather died. It's ugh! Sorry. (She puts her head back.) Oh, okay, so I'm sorry, what-what were you-what did you want to tell me?
Monica: We're supposed to uh, be spending a romantic weekend together, it-it, what is the matter with you?
Chandler: I just want to watch a little television. What is the big deal? Geez, relax mom.
Monica: What did you say?
Ross: And while that was good advice, you should know that what-what she wants… 
Rachel: That's crazy! You can't do that! What are you going to tell her? (Pause) (Realizes) Oh God. Ohh, you already agreed to this, haven't you?
Ross: You have no idea what a nightmare this has been. This is so hard.
Ross: What are you doing?
Joey: (sticking his head out the door) What are you guys woofing about?
Ross: You should've seen the look on her face. I don't want Rachel to hate me! I don't know what to do.
Rachel: See? Yeah, you told me the story. He and Monica dated when they broke up they couldn't even be in the same room together and you all promised that you would stay his friend and what happened? He got phased out!
Rachel: Hi. What are you doing here? Isn't this against the rules?
Ross: Well, what-what would you do? Rach, if you were me, what-what would you do?
Monica: What is that?
Ross: Look, if I can just do what Emily wants and get her to New York, I'm sure everything will be fine.
Ross: After what I did? Can you blame her?
Joey: (after Ross is gone) What is he doing? What, Emily, thinks Ross's furniture has got Rachel coodies?
Phoebe: I don't know what I'm gonna do about this coat.
Joey: Ooh-ooh-ooh, yeah! (He drapes it around his shoulders.) Enh? All right, what do you think?
Joey: Now he's movin'? Man, what is Emily doing to him? (Phoebe pinches him again.) Ow!! He's not even here!!!
Rachel: Really! What is with that guy? I mean you'd forgive me if I fogged you.
Chandler: Okay, what is in here? Rocks?
Joey: It's not right what Emily wants you to do! She is totally-(The gang enters behind Joey and Phoebe pinches him again.)-Owww!! Stop pinching me! Look, now you guys said I only had to keep my mouth shut as long as Ross was happy, right? Well he just told me that he's not entirely happy.
Ross: Unreasonable? How about we have this conversation when one of you guys gets married! You have no idea what it takes to make a marriage work! All right, it's about compromise! Do you always like it? No! Do you do it? Yes! Because it's not all laughing, happy, candy in the sky, drinking coffee at Central Perk all the time! It's real life, okay? It's what grown-ups do! (He storms out.)
Chandler: Well, I think it's very brave what you said.
Chandler: Pheebs, what are you doing with the coat? How about the whole animal rights thing?
Rachel: Fine! I judged you. I made a snap judgement. But you did it too! And you are worse because you are sticking to your stupid snap judgement! You can't even open up your mind for a second to see if you're wrong! What does that say about you?
Joey: Yeah you see umm, well, I'm an actor. Right? So I gotta keep my emotions right at the surface y'know? See what I'm saying? I gotta lot of balls in the air. (Makes like he's juggling.) Y'know what I mean? It's tough! Guys like me, y'know, you wander around, you're alone…
Ross: What are you talking about?
All: Why, what happened?
Joey: What happened? What happened?
Phoebe: He's so funny! (She imitates what he just did.)
Rachel: (laughs) Okay. All right, I see what he's doing! He's not asking me out, because he wants me to ask him out.
Chandler: Love what you've done with the place.
Chandler: What are you doing?
Monica: What one? You wanted him to invite you to the party and he did it!
Joey: All right, I have one question. What is the deal with this? (Imitates Ross's 'quiet down' maneuver, but does move his hands up and down he just flaps his hands as if he's waving good-bye.)
Joey: Um-hmm! Look, I-I-I don't know how much more of this I can take! Did you know he taped over my Baywatch tape with some show about bugs! My God! What if that had been porn?
Rachel: What? What kind of a regatta gala starts at night?!
Phoebe: Hey, guys, you know what Larry would say? He would say, "See you ladle." (Laughs.)
Chandler: What about that circled one?
Ross: All right, I see what you guys are saying. I'll uh, I'll go downstairs and fill out an application.
Chandler: What are we gonna do?
(The apartment manager hung up on him and he hangs up the phone and throws in on the chair. Joey motions, "What the hell was that?" Chandler makes a face to say, "Think about it." Joey tries to divide 136 by 13; he's confused. Suddenly, light dawns on yonder dunder head. He gets it.)
Rachel: Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
Ross: Huh, I don't know what to pick. Am I more thankful for my divorce or my eviction? Hmm.
Monica: What-what are you doing? Is this supposed to be funny?
Chandler: Oh, come on Monica, reliving past pain and getting depressed is what Thanksgiving is all about. Y'know, for me anyway. And of course, the Indians.
Fat Monica: Oh, why? Why? What happened?
Mrs. Geller: Yes, yes Monica is thin. It's wonderful. But what we really want to hear about is Ross's new girlfriend.
Rachel: Okay, oh, here's what you do. Just act like everything around you turns you on.
Monica: What do you mean?
The Doctor: What do we got here?
Monica: What?! What is it?
Phoebe: What am I sitting on?
Joey: That's it! I'm tired of covering for you two! This has got to stop! (Realizes he still has the underwear in his hand.) Ahh! (Throws them towards Chandler's room.) And tighty-whiteys! What are you, 8?
Joey: Oh hey, no, you're not welcome. Okay, look, I hate this! You guys keep embarrassing me! (To Monica) Yesterday, Rachel found your razor in our bathroom and I didn't know what to say, so I said it was mine and-and that I was playing a woman in a play. And one thing led to another and (He puts his leg on the chair and pulls up his pants leg to reveal that he now has shaved legs.)
Rachel: What are you reading?
Chandler: Well, what did the police say?
Ross: Really?! So what would you say Pheebs? Stuff like uh, "Keep your mitts off my grub?"
Rachel: So Pheebs, what is the book about?
Rachel: Well yeah, but then I remembered I started it and there was this pep rally and I was, I was on top of the pyramid but anyway—umm, what is this book about?
The Teacher: Excellent! What Rachel has shrewdly observed here…
The Teacher: What do you think? You in the blue shirt.
The Teacher: Are you just repeating what I'm saying?
Phoebe: Are you just repeating what I'm saying?
Rachel: Be-because I didn't want him to think I was stupid! I mean, that was really embarrassing what happened to you!
Cynthia: Oh, candles! (Notices something.) What is that? A blanket? A video camera? Oh my God! (As she storms out, Rachel returns and overhears the conversation.)
Rachel: Joey, is what she just said umm—Oh my God. (Looks around the room.) You were actually gonna… (Chandler picks this moment to return to the living room.) (Rachel stares in shock.)
Chandler: What is going on here?
Rachel: And with Chandler in the next room. What are you, what are you sick?
The Teacher: (entering) Sorry I'm late. Let's get started. So, what did everybody think about Jane Eyre?
Rachel: Uh, thank you Phoebe. Umm, well, what struck me most when reading Jane Eyre was uh, how the book was so ahead of its time.
Rachel: Phoebe, come on! What is the big deal? I thought this was going to be something we could do together! Y'know, I thought it would be fun!
Phoebe: Well, yeah! Fun is good, but y'know I also wanted to learn. Y'know, people are always talking about what they learned in high school and I never went to high school.
Rachel: Well, what is the truth?
Chandler: Well let's….let's see what everybody thinks of that?
Joey: What are you doing?
Rachel: (Somewhat angrily) Okay. What the hell was that? You know what? Don’t answer me. (Giggling) I have a date with Danny.
Estelle: What can I say? She nailed it.
Ross: I'm sorry, man. Hey, y'know what you should do? You should make something happen for yourself. Y'know, like-like write a play. Write a movie! Huh? I mean, what about those Good Will Hunting guys?
Joey: Come on Ross be realistic, y'know? If I did write something, what are the chances I could get those guys to star in it?
Monica: Oh God, stop with the plan! So what, so what you saw him with a girl? Who cares?! That doesn't mean anything! Now look, you're going to go out on a date with Danny and you're going to be so charming he's gonna forget all about that stupid subway girl.
Joey: (jumping up) All right! But uh, listen, what do you say we crank it up a notch?
Phoebe: Hey!! (The bucket starts smoking.) The charity's on fire! Help! (Yet another guy walks by carrying a cup, which Phoebe grabs.) Oh good! Thank you, I need that. (She throws onto the smoldering fire. Suddenly the bucket erupts in flames.) Whoa! What is that?! (She sniffs the cup.) (To the guy.) It's nine o'clock in the morning!
[Scene: Chandler, Joey, and Ross's, Ross is reading what Joey wrote.]
Ross: All right. (Reading.) A room. A man enters, he looks suspicious. (Stops reading a flips the page to find the next one is blank.) That's it? (Joey shrugs.) Joey, you're supposed to have five pages done by now! Including an exciting incident! (Flipping through the rest of the pad.) And what is, and what is all this?! (Reading.) The official rulebook of Fireball.
Rachel: (not sure what to do) Uh, it was very nice meeting you. (They continue to ignore her.)
Phoebe: Nobody! Nobody respects the bucket! You wouldn't believe what people put in here! Look! (Hands it to Monica.) Okay, does this look like a garbage can to you?
Rachel: Okay, y'know what uh, actually, that's great. That helps a lot. Thanks. (She leaves them to wrestle.)
Rachel: Yeah uh, y'know what uh, let's skip it.
Danny: Okay, listen, I really like you. Okay? I think this can go somewhere. So what if I'm close to my family, are you gonna let that stand in the way of us?
Chandler: What is up?
Joey: A handsome man enters. (Playing the part of the handsome man.) Hey! How's it going guys? I don't know what you two were talking about, but I'd like to say thanks to both of you. You, (Ross) you wouldn't let me give up on myself, and you (Chandler) well you co-created Fireball. The end.
Jay Leno: (On TV to Dick Clark) Is there any entertainment there? What are people doing?
(They try to stop him, not sure of what he's planning. He ignores them and goes to talk to Ross.)
Rachel: Op, look! Claire forgot her glasses! And she's gonna be really needing these to keep an eye on that boyfriend, who, I hear, needs to keep his stapler in his desk drawer, if you know what I'm talking about.
Chandler: What an interesting approach to guitar instruction. Y'know some might find it amusing, I myself find it regular.
Phoebe: Ooh, you nailed the Old Lady! (They both laugh at what she said.)
Chandler: That's not what I had in mind! See, people like Ross don't generally wear these types of pants. You see, they're very tight. (Motions to Ross's buttock.) Maybe there's something in that area.
Ross: (after he's left) Okay, seriously, what do you think?
Ross: What are you, what are you doing?
Ross: (talking to himself) My God! These pants are burning up! (He's still wearing the leather pants.) (She snuggles closer.) Oh come on, she wants to snuggle now! What is she trying to kill me? It's like a volcano in here! (Out loud.) Are you hot? 
Monica: (on phone) Awww, y'know what your nickname is, Mr. Big…
Rachel: Arghh!! (She quickly hangs up the phone and starts to pace around wondering what to do.)
Joey: Really?! Uhh, what color is it?
Ross: What difference does that make?!
Ross: Dude, what am I gonna…
Joey: What-what is it, what is it?
Rachel: What? What secrets? You know secrets? What are they?
Rachel: I know, I know! I just can't keep this one in, so I pick up the phone… (Joey in a childish attempt to not hear what Rachel is about to say, puts his fingers in his ears and starts to scream loudly. Rachel turns and walks out upon seeing that Joey's not gonna listen, and as she exits Chandler walks in and sees Joey in his current state.)
Rachel: Oh no, I can't tell you until you tell me what you know.
Joey: I can't tell you what I know.
Rachel: Well then I can't tell you what I know.
Chandler: (entering) Oh good, okay, I can't take it anymore. I can't take it anymore. So you win, okay? Here! (Hands him the 50 bucks he's about to owe him.) Pheebs? Flying a jet? Better make it a spaceship so that you can get back to your home planet! And Ross, phone call for you today, Tom Jones, he wants his pants back! And Hornswoggle? What are you dating a character from Fraggile Rock?! (He sits down and sighs in relief.)
Phoebe: Hey, you know what might help you deal with it? Think of it this way, you and Emily are in the past and you can't be mad about the past. So are you still mad about the Louisiana Purchase?
Monica: Look at us all dressed up for the big office party! By the way, what are we celebrating?
Doug: Hey Bing! (Slaps him on his ass.) (Sees Monica) Wo-ho-ho, who's the pretty lady and what the hell is she doing with you?
Monica: What was that?
Monica: What are you doing here? I thought you had to do inventory all day.
Rachel: Well yeah, I do, but I decided to take a long lunch and spend some time with my friend Monica. Y'know I-I feel that we don't talk anymore. How are you? What is new with you?
Rachel: Wow that's uh, juicy. Umm, (checks watch) y'know what though Mon, I actually do have a lot of work to do so if-if—are you sure there's just not anything else?
Phoebe: Okay, then what happened?
Monica: I'm sorry, I don't understand what you just said.
Monica: Y'know what really bothers me? Is—it's how-how different you act around them! I mean y'know the throwing the tennis games, the fake laugh, the "I'll see you around, Bing!" "Not if I see you first, Doug!" (Mocks the fake laugh.) I gotta tell you, I don't like Work Chandler. Okay? The guy's a suck-up.
Phoebe: What were you doing?
Janice: Uh-oh-okay. Uh-oh-okay. I know what you all are thinking. But Chandler is in Yemen! I'm a young woman! I have needs! I can't wait forever!
Rachel: Yeah! No that's what I was thinking.
Ross: Okay, look, I-I know what you guys are going to say…
Monica: My turn? What-what are you talking about?
Rachel: I overheard you guys on the phone the other day, and you said, "I'll just tell Rachel that I'm doing laundry for a couple of hours." And he said, "Laundry? Is that my new nickname?" And you said, "No! You know what your nickname is, Mr. Big."
Chandler: Oh. (Does a double take when he realizes what she just said.)
Doug: (entering) Uh, I gotta apologize for Kara's coffee. Y'know, I feel sorry for it if it ever got in a fight, it's not strong enough to defend itself. (Chandler does not laugh.) Did you hear what I said Bing?
Monica: Yeah! I mean it was really funny, I-I just don't think you got it. You see Kara's coffee is-is-is weak tasting, okay? But-but what Doug was-was imply that it was weak physically. You get it now honey?
Monica: Wh-wh-what are you doing here? (She tries to pull her shirt down to cover the fact that she's wearing men's boxers.]
Monica: Great! Umm, well what-what I was doing in Chandler's room is that umm, I was cleaning it! In fact, he pays me to clean it!
Rachel: Oh! What a great way to earn some extra pocket money.
Janice: What is wrong now?!
Ross: This isn't what I ordered! Man! Can anything go right in my life?! First my marriage falls apart and then…
Ross: I just wanted to tell you something before you heard it from someone else and I hope this isn't too weird, but uh, I had uh, a thing with Janice. (He laughs, his real laugh this time.) What you're-you're not mad?
Chandler: (realizes what Ross just said and the implications to him) I am mad! But you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna forgive you! Because that's what friends do! They forgive their friends when they do everything you just said, all on the list there. Well, but I want you to remember that I forgave you.
Chandler: It's so good I don't know what I've done to deserve it!
Chandler: I'm telling you, she gives the worst massages ever!! Okay, it was like she was torturing me for information. And I wanted to give it up I just—I didn't know what it was!
Monica: (to the guys) Not the way they're doing it. What, what happened? How did she die?
Joey: See look, women, carrying the bag. (He puts it on his shoulder and looks at himself in the mirror and likes what he sees.) But it is odd how a women's purse looks good on me, a man.
Rachel: (entering) Joey, what are you doing with the bag? You're audition is not until tomorrow.
Monica: What?! What honey?
Ross: What happened?
Ross: Wh-what did he say?!
Phoebe: Come on, you saw the way he ran out of here! What do you think? He's gonna stick around and talk to the daughter he abandoned!
Joey: What did you say to him?
Rachel: Ooh, Pheebs, what are you gonna say? Are you gonna tell him who you are?
Monica: What are you talking about?
Monica: But the minute we start to lie to each other… (Pauses after she realizes what she's saying.) And by 'we' I mean society.
Frank Sr.: So, what did Francis leave me?
Frank Sr.: Oh! What about, what about the girls?
Frank Sr.: Phoebe, I-I-I-umm, (Sits down next to her and brushes against her leg.) Oops. (He backs up.) I just, I-I-I-I don’t, I don’t know what to say. I just can't believe that you're my daughter, you're so pretty.
Phoebe: Y'know what, it doesn’t matter what you say it's not gonna make a difference anyway, so you can just go.
Ross: What kind of problem?
Rachel: Wh-what do you mean?
Joey: No-no-no! No-no wait Rach, you know what would even be more fun? Telling them.
Monica: What are you talking about?
Rachel: Hey Mon, what are you doing now? Wanna come see a movie with us?
Monica: Well what did you send?
Chandler: (a little hurt) Okay but what about y'know my pinchable butt and my bulging biceps—She knows!
Rachel: Y'know what you should do?
Rachel: You should find out what his hobbies are and then use that to bond with him. Yeah! Like if I would strike up a conversation about say umm, sandwiches. Or uh, or my underwear.
Ross: Oh Donald that-that would be great. I am totally ready to come back to work. I—What? (He notices something through the window.) No! Wh… What are you doing?!! (Dr. Ledbetter is slowly backing away.) GET OFF MY SISTER!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Ross: Chandler!!! Chandler!!! (He opens the door to the apartment but is stopped by the chain; Chandler and Monica quickly stop making out and try to get dressed.) Chandler, I saw what you were doing through the window! Chandler, I saw what you were doing to my sister! Now get out here!
Chandler: (To Monica) Wow! Listen, we had a good run. What was it? Four? Five months? I mean, that's more than most people have in a lifetime! So, good-bye, take care, bye-bye then! (He kisses her and starts to climb out the balcony window.)
Monica: What are you doing?!
Ross: What the hell are doing?!!
Joey: Okay, all right, whew! What do you say we all clear out of here and let these two lovebirds get back down to business? (Ross turns and glares at him.) Hey-hey-hey, I-I-I'm just talking here, he-he's the one doing your sister.
Ross: Hey, you know what I just realized? If you guys ever have kids…
Monica: I know what you need, you need a bodyguard. Hey Ross, what is Ben doing after preschool?
Ross: …so then President Steve told everyone that I was a cheapskate, and now the whole building hates me! A little kid spit on my knee! Y'know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna throw a party. That's right. For everyone in the building, and I'm gonna sit them down and explain to them, I am not a bad guy. I am not a cheap guy! I'm just a guy who-who stands up for what he believes in. A man with principles.
Chandler: I don't see it that way. Okay? Because, I see two Monicas, the one that was my friend, who lived across the hall, and wanted to have a lot of babies and then the new Monica, who I just started to date. Now, who's to say what she wants?! I’m right. I'm right. Am I right?
Monica: What-what are you doing?
Monica: Oh and you know what I want!
Chandler: Just tell me what I need to do to make things right.
Chandler: Well, that's what we do. Y'know, I-I mess up and then you tell me how to fix it and then I do and then y'know you think I'm all cute again.
Ross: What are you doing?
Rachel: Oh! Ow! (Joey motions, "You see what I mean?!")
Rachel: Whoa! (Laughs) Y'know what Katie? I gotta tell ya I-I-I-I think you are the one who is too much. (She punches Katie back.)
Phoebe: (ignoring him and continuing her conversation) That's what I'm saying. (Laughs.)
Ross: So uh, what did you tell them about me?
Phoebe: Yeah, I think I told it wrong. Y'know, we should talk about that because I don't totally understand what happened there.
Phoebe: All right, everyone calm down! Everyone calm down! I have something that I would like to say! Who here likes Ross? (Ross is the only one who raises his hand and Phoebe glares at him to put his hand back down.) Of course you don't like him! He-he didn't give you any money, he raised his own hand when I asked, "Who hear likes Ross," and he's wearing two nametags! (He takes one off.) I-I'll be honest with you guys, when I first met Ross I didn't like him at all! But then once I got to know him I saw that he's really sweet and caring and very generous. I mean, all I'm saying is don't judge Ross before you get to know him all right? I mean, I like all you guys now, but when I first meet you y'know Kurt, I thought, y'know abrasive drunk, umm Lola, mind numbingly stupid! And okay, you guys (She turns to an elderly gentleman and a 20 something woman, who're a couple.) (To the girl) Gold-digger, (To the old guy) cradle robbing perv! So, I think you all know what I mean.
Monica: Wait what-wh-wh-what are you doing?!
Joey: What a bad idea!
Monica: Oh my God, what would have done if I said yes?
Joey: What are you guys doing up?
[Cut back to Joey in bed, he's smiling, enjoying the dream as he wakes up. Suddenly, he realized what he was dreaming about and bolts upright in bed.]
Chandler: Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. (No one laughs.) Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Monica: What is going on with you?
Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa-what-what if Martin Luther King had said that? (Imitating what his famous speech would sound like.) I kinda have a dream! I don’t want to talk about it.
Monica: What was the dream about?
Monica: Well sure! I'm just wearing sweats! (Looking at Chandler and slowly realizing what his point is.) But that's good that you're not in love with me, because you just want a girlfriend!
Cop: (stopping her) Hey, wait a second! So wait, what precinct are you with?
Rachel: (laughing) What are you saying?
Chandler: Oh, y'know, what did you mean when you said pivot?
Monica: What about the closeness?
Ross: That's what I'm telling you.
Phoebe: Okay. (They shake hands and she pulls away suddenly) Oh my God! What did I ever do to you?! (Rubbing her hand.)
[Scene: Ross's Building, Joey is trying to find the hot girl's apartment. So he's walking up the hallway counting doors. He comes to what he thinks is the right one and knocks on it. Ross opens the door, it's his apartment.]
Monica: What happened?
Monica: (Start annoying hyper-competitive mode now.) (Jumping up) What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don’t you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
Chandler: So what happened?
Joey: What happened?
Rachel: (We see a flashback as Rachel describes what happened.) All right, we were shaking hands and he kinda leaned toward me… Y'know maybe he was going to open the door, but I totally miss read him and I uhhh… (The flashback shows that she kissed him on the cheek.)
Rachel: Well, I didn't know what else to do!
Monica: A kiss? What are you talking about?
Rachel: Oh my God! What if he thinks I'm the kind of girl that-that would just sleep with him?
Rachel: (entering) Ugh, you will not believe what that sleaze-ball from Ralph Lauren did too me!
Chandler: (To Gary) So what do you say, maybe sometime I hold your gun?
Chandler: Oh, what can happen? I mean, would you… (He gestures and spills some of his coffee.)
Monica: What are you doing?
Monica: (That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!) Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Joey: (entering) Hey guys! (Sees their state of undress) What 'cha been doin'? (Has a silly grin.)
Monica: What are you talking about? (Pointing out the window.) She obviously lives on the second floor, seventh apartment from the left!
Monica: You better believe he's tired, after the day we had! If you know what I mean. You know what I mean?
Chandler: Honey, the tortilla chips know what you mean.
Chandler: Oh wow! Is that what this all have been about?
Chandler: Y'know what I just realized? You just freaked out about our relationship.
Phoebe: What are you talking about?!
Joey: (reading the card) Whoa! This guy is like the biggest commercial casting director in town! (Ross gasps) Ben takes one lousy walk in the park and gets an audition!! (Ross and Carol stare at him, then Joey realizes what he just said.) I mean, way to go Ben! (Gives Ben the thumbs up, which Ben returns.) Man! I've been in that park a million times and no one offered me an audition.
Joey: I'm always on the swings! What am I doing wrong?!
[Scene: Rachel's new job, she's in her new boss's office (Kim's) and with the other assistant (Nancy). Together they're deciding what clothes to buy or something, who knows, let's all watch/read to find out.]
Kim: So it's down to these two, Nancy I know you like this one and I think I agree. Rachel, what do you think?
Rachel: (laughing nervously) Oh, what a fun office.
Kim: I don't know which one, but I do know I need a cigarette. So what do you say we take a break, we go outside, and we'll figure this out when we come back?
Rachel: I mean what if this keeps happening? Y'know, they'll-they'll be outside smoking, making all the decisions and I'll just be up in my office breathing my stupid clean air, y'know? And then when the day comes when Kim wants to promote one of us, who do you think she's gonna pick? Me or Smokey Smokerson?
Monica: All right, that's a little sketch of the cake, umm some sample menus, umm y'know what I thought we would start out with Tuscan style finger food, and for music, here's an alphabetized list of all my CDs! I've highlighted the ones that would go really good with the food.
Phoebe: What happened to the intimate dinner party?
Kim: Hey Rachel, what are you doing out here?
Rachel: Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
Joey: Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
Rachel: Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
Joey: Oh, what did I say?
Rachel: Come on you guys! What are doing?! I thought we were the patch sisters!
Rachel: Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Joey: Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup." (Nods his head in disgust.)
Joey: What you do mean?
Joey: Eh, what are you gonna do?
Ross: What the hell was that?!
Chandler: Is that what this is about? You like Caitlin?
Phoebe: Well, what am I going to tell Monica? She wants to wear them tonight!
Monica: (noticing Rachel crawling behind the couch) Rach? What are you doing?
Ross: What? (Mumbles) What-what, what are talking about? It-it worked with you.
Ross: All right, all right. You-you-you know what I'm going to do? I am going to order another pizza and when Caitlin gets here, you-you--I will show how well I flirt. Yeah! I will, I will get her phone number! (To Chandler) And not the one on the menu!
Chandler: (smiling) Well, what is it?
Phoebe: (smiling) This is terrible, what are you going to do?
Rachel: (smiling) Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.
Phoebe: All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. (Walks away over to Rachel.) Where is that other earring?
Joey: I know, I know! What am I going to do? (Thinks) Ooh!
Phoebe: (To Rachel) What are we going to do?!
Monica: Yeah, what is it?
Monica: (shocked) Wow! All right well, I mean, what can you do? If you lost it you lost it.
Caitlin: Y'know what umm, actually I, I really, I should go.
Phoebe: What else do they add smell too?
Rachel: Well y'know, we have 7 people and like 10 pizzas, what do you think?
Ross: What do you mean?
Monica: What about these? These look the same?
Ross: What am I looking at?
Monica: Okay, I've broken them down into categories. Okay, we have uh, we got holidays, birthdays, candids, y'know… And then what I've done is I've cross-referenced them by subject. Right? So if you're looking up, oh let's say birthdays and dogs, you get Photo 152. See? (Hands her the photo.)
Chandler: Okay, I'll give them back. (Exhales strongly through his nose and Joey just glares at him.) Look! What is so great about that sandwich?
Monica: We have too! I mean what if Ross's hears that and then calls her back and then they get back together? Is that what you want? Ross back with that controlling, neurotic, crazy Emily? The Emily that wouldn't let him see you?
Monica: No, look, she's obviously unstable, okay? I mean she's thinking about running out on her wedding day. (Rachel slowly turns and glares at her.) (Realizing what she just said.) Okay, fine! But I mean, look at the position she's putting him in! What's he gonna do? Ross is gonna run over there on the wedding day and break up the marriage?! I mean, who would do that?! (Rachel again turns and glares at her in disgust.) Okay, fine, all right, but that's y'know, it's different! Although it did involve a lot of the same people.
Ross: What is it?
Gary: Okay, here he comes. What is he doing? What the hell is he doing?!
Ross: What? What? What? What is it?
(They all turn and look away. Suddenly a loud bang sounds out and in slow motion Joey slowly throws his body over Ross. Gary is shocked at what he sees while Chandler is obviously hurt.)
Gary: Hey, it's okay. It was just a car backfire. (Joey slowly moves off of Ross.) Hey, look at that! You tried to save your buddy. You see that? You see what he did?
Joey: That's what this is about! Oh my God, you hate Ross!
Chandler: What picture?
Joey: I don't know, but I don't like what I'm hearing!
Joey: Oh-whoa-hey, dude, what are you doing?!
Ross: Rach, what uh, what are you doing here?
Rachel: What?! What? What happened?!
Ross: Well, okay, what-what did she say?
Gary: What do you, what do you think?
Phoebe: So, what movie should we see?
Chandler: So, what are you gonna do?
Chandler: I'll try, but I'm not sure what good it would do, y'know? Because I'm a lot less afraid of commitment than I used to be.
Joey: Hey, what time is it?
Ross: What-what is it?!
Joey: What the hell is that?!!
Rachel: Ugh! Look you guys, I'm really excited about this! Okay? I don't care what you think! I'm gonna go set up a little litter box for Mrs. Whiskerson. (They both glare at her.) Well, what am I gonna call her? Fluffy?!
[Scene: the 5th Precinct, Gary's precinct, Chandler has come to talk to him about commitment. And as he's walking through the door he notices a couple of "Ladies of the night" sitting there. (If you know what I mean.)]
Chandler: Hey ladies! What are you in here for? (Laughs at his joke.)
Gary: Hey Chandler, what are you doing here?
Gary: Chandler, what-what are you doing?
Gary: So you know what I'm talking about, right?
Ross: …now when they found the remains of the Mesozoic Mastodon they discovered what appeared to be the remains of a Paleozoic Amphibian in its jaws! How did it get there?!
Monica: (on phone, faking she's sick) I-I'm not gonna be able to make it into work today, I don't feel very good. (Joey makes a high throw and Monica has to catch it way over her head.) (Not sounding sick) Yes!! (Realizes what she just did.) (Sounding sick again) Wow! Uh, for a second there I thought I was really better, but I'm not. (Hangs up and keeps throwing the ball.)
Monica: You have scratches all over you, what happened? (Rachel's arms are covered with scratches.)
Phoebe: I really don't want to mess up what we have. I'm just—I'm worried it's gonna be a big mistake.
Rachel: (she's wearing an oven mitt to protect her hand) I give up you guys, I don't know what I'm going to do with this thing!
Rachel: Well, they said would but they would only give me store credit. I mean, what am I going to do, get a thousand regular cats?
Monica: Look, if you want you can keep it at our place until you find out what to do with it.
Monica: So you're moving in with him. What happened?
(He takes her into one of those typical interrogation rooms you see on TV and in the movies. Which is really appropriate here, since this is a TV show. What are the odds of that?)
Gary: Let me tell you what I think might be going on. (Phoebe looks down in shame.) No-no-no, don't look at the table. Look at me. (Points to his eyes and she does so) Okay, I think somebody asked someone to move in with them. And I think someone said, "Yes" but now she's having doubts because things are moving to fast for someone. Does that sound at all possible to you?
Rachel: Well, so then what are you doing to me? Okay? Just get out of here! All right? Move on!
Woman No. 2: Wow! What an unusual cat!
Monica: Please! I made this game what it is.
Monica: Rachel! What is your cat doing in one of my bowls!
Gunther: (To Ross) Hey! So what is this? Some kind of snake or something?
[Scene: Central Perk, everyone but Phoebe are there reading. Rachel is sitting on the couch flanked by Ross and Monica. She suddenly stops reading and starts blinking her left eye as if it's bothering her. The problem is that Joey is on her left and thinks she's winking at him and winks back. Ross is watching this and isn't quite sure of what to make of it.]
Joey: And the best part is, we're filming in the desert outside Vegas! (To Chandler) And you know what that means buddy!
Chandler: Whoa-whoa-whoa, what are we going to do about my job?
Rachel: (entering from her bedroom) All right! Let's get this over with! Ugh! (She walks by the table and notices that no one is looking and accidentally on purpose knocks over the open cereal box.) Ohhh! No! Look what I did! (She starts walking through the mess. {Also, notice the continuity error in this scene. Note the position of the box and dispersal pattern of the cereal before and after the camera cut.}) Oh, I mean, look at this mess! I mean, we're probably gonna have to clean this up! Y'know? We're gonna have to reschedule!
Joey: Sure, what do you want to see?
Joey: What do you like better action or comedy?
[Scene: Monica's eye doctor's office, Monica and Rachel are waiting in an exam room and looking at this big white thing used to check eyes. I have no idea what it is, and if an ophthalmologist happens to know what that is, let me know.]
Rachel: Oh my God! What does that thing do?
Rachel: (really excited) Great!! It was very, very nice to meet you sir--Ow! Hey! What are you doing?! Are you crazy! (He took out that thing they use to look at people's retinas and looked at Rachel's when she was shaking his hand causing her to flinch and scream at him.)
Ross: Hey Pheebs, what 'cha reading? (Phoebe ignores him) Pheebs? (Turns away) Hello? (He sits down next to her and she moves over a bit.) Phoebe? (He moves closer and she keeps moving away.) Phoe-Phoebe! (They end up hanging over the arm rest.) Come on! (He grabs the magazine away from her.)
Ross: Phoebe, are you, are you mad at me, or something? 'Cause if are please, tell me what it is I did!
Ross: ALL RIGHT!! Phoebe now come on! Will you please tell me what it is I did that mad you so mad at me!
(Ross isn't sure what to do with that comment.)
Joey: What are you talking about?! I'm the lead in a movie!
Monica: Chandler! What are you doing here?
Chandler: Well, I don't know what mad him so mad, y'know? All I said was that uh, I didn't think this wasn't gonna be his big break, that this movie wasn't going to do anything for him, and that uh, y'know it didn't sound like a real movie--Okay, he should've pushed me off of the bridge.
Rachel: (as she's being dragged) What are you? Monica!! Stop it!! Oh my God! Stop it! (Monica drags her totally onto the floor and on her back.)
Monica: (answers the phone) Hello? (Listens.) (To Phoebe) It's Joey. (Phoebe's proud of herself.) (To Joey) I'm so glad you called! Chandler told me what happened. Y'know he's really upset about it.
Joey: (on a pay phone holding a box) Not as upset as he's gonna be when he finds out what I did with his sweater vests!
Monica: What did you do to his sweater vests?
Joey: Hey Pheebs! Listen, this wooden box keeps sliding out from under the seat. What-what is it?
Phoebe: Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Ross: What do you like better flora or fauna?
(I think one of the grips walk up to Joey, mainly because there's a credit for The Grip. What the heck is a grip anyway?!)
Chandler: Uh, what was that?
Phoebe: (saddened) It's okay. What the hell took you so long?
Phoebe: Okay, what about after I give you these candies? (Hands them each one from her purse.)
Chandler: What-what Richard thing?
Chandler: What Richard thing?
Rachel: (takes off her robe) Oh! Look what happened! {Don't get your hopes up guys, we only get to see her from the back or from the neck up. Its times like these I wish that the networks would broadcast some nudity other than Denis Franz's butt.} (In her head.) Huh, check me out! I'm in my kitchen…naked! I'm picking up an orange. (Does so) I'm naked! (Goes into the living room) Lighting the candles, naked, and carefully. (She backs anything that might have a point like a candle on her body away.)
Ross: (in his head) Oh my God! That's Rachel naked! I can't look at that! I am looking at this. (Looks back at his book.) Okay, vivid colors, expressive brush strokes—Unless she wants me to be looking at that. She knows I'm home. She knows I can see her. What kind of game is she playing? I think maybe someone's lonely tonight. Oh-ho, Dr. Geller! Stop it! You're being silly! Or, am I?
Ross: So do I. (Slowly walks in.) Okay Rach, before anything happens (He takes off his coat) I just want to lay down a couple of ground rules. (Turns back to face her.) This is just about tonight. I don't to go through with this if it's going to raise the question of "Us." (Rachel's confused) Okay? I just want this to be (Kicks off his left shoe) about what it is! (Kicks off the other one.)
Rachel: And um, what-what is that Ross?
Joey: What-what are you guys doing here? I thought I told you not to come.
Chandler: Why?! What happened?!
Monica: I can not see him? I mean, you can't tell me what to do!
Chandler: What are you talking…
Joey: Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
Rachel: Ross! What are you… I'm sorry sir. I just, I think he just really likes you.
Ross: What the? What…
Joey: Don’t you see what this means?! I can forget about that stupid movie. I'm gonna be a millionaire!
Rachel: What are you talking about Pheebs? (Takes out her compact) I don't… (She gasps when she looks in the mirror and sees her face.) (To Ross) Oh my God, you drew on me?!
Phoebe: Whoa, what kind of party was this?
Monica: Wait Chandler, what are you doing?!
Chandler: What does it look like? I'm going home.
Ross: (on the phone) Yes, hello. I have a question. Umm, I used your pen to draw on my friend's face. (Listens) A beard and a moustache. (Listens and laughs) Thank you. (Rachel turns around and glares at him.) No, she didn't think so. (Listens) I know it's like (turns and sees Rachel staring at him and quickly changes the subject) anyway, umm well make-up didn't cover it and we've tried everything to get it off and nothing's worked. What-what do we do? (Listens) Yeah. (Listens) Uh-huh. (Listens) Yeah. (Listens) Oh! Okay. (Listens) Okay, thank you! (Rachel gets excited at his tone.) (Hangs up the phone) Yeah, it's not coming off.
Rachel: What?! What else did he say?
Joey: Okay, so what are we going to do about this hand twin thing?!
Ross: (does so) Oohh, 23. (Rachel looks at him.) Which is what we play to at this casino! You win 10 dollars! (Holds out a ten.)
Monica: That's right baby! Okay, what do I want now?
Monica: Okay, good! Okay, what do I want now?
Chandler: (sees the roll) Yes!! I love you! I can't even remember what we were fighting about!
Monica: Oh, that's because I had lunch with Rich—Me neither! Okay, what do I want now?
Monica: What did you just say?
Chandler: Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
Phoebe: What time? Maybe we can share a cab!
Rachel: Yeah, and also we need more umm, drinks. Hold on a second. (Gets up but stumbles a little bit.) Whup, okay. (She makes it to the phone and picks it up, without dialing.) Hello! Vegas? Yeah, we would like some more alcohol, and y'know what else? We would like some more beers. Hello? Ohh, I forgot to dial!
Rachel: Oops! All right, so what do you want to do now?
Phoebe: (entering and sitting down at the table.) Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? (Looks down) Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
Monica: What are you doing?
