101 The One Where Monica Gets a New Roommate (The Pilot-The Uncut Version)
Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (to the waitress that brought her coffee) Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Ross: You can see where he'd have trouble.
Monica: That's Paul's watch. You just put it back where you found it. Oh boy. Alright. Goodnight, everybody. 
Chandler: Oh, I think this is the episode of Three's Company where there's some kind of misunderstanding. 
Ross: Yeah. Do that for another two hours, you might be where I am right about now. (He enters.) 
Mr. Geller: Look, there are people like Ross who need to shoot for the stars, with his museum, and his papers getting published. Other people are satisfied with staying where they are- I'm telling you, these are the people who never get cancer. 
Ross: (walks over to where Monica is standing) Monica. What do you think? 
Ross: He was unbelievable. He was like that-that-that Bugs Bunny cartoon where Bugs is playing all the positions, right, but instead of Bugs it was first base-Alan, second base-Alan, third base-... 
Monica: So what, you're not the only one. I mean, half the time we don't know where we're going. You've just gotta figure at some point it's all gonna come together, and it's just gonna be... un-floopy. 
Phoebe: Right- where we've been looking all night! 
Ross: Fun? Where was the fun? Tell me specifically, which part was the fun part? Where's my puck? 
Chandler: Where are they? Where are they?
(Chandler walks over to the counter where Phoebe is, and is asking her about the break-up.)
Monica: (to Joey) He is so cute. (to Angela and Bob) So, where did you guys grow up?
(Chandler walks back to couch, where Janice is.)
Rachel: I just never had a relationship with that kind of passion, you know, where you have to have somebody right there, in the middle of a theme park.
Joey: Hey, where are you going?
Rachel: Here, kitty-kitty. Here kitty-kitty. Where did you go, little kitty-kitty-kitty? Here kitty-kitty-kitty-kitty...
Ross: (jealous) So, um... where did Paolo come from?
Ross: No, no, that's not where I was going. Er, if you get in the... way, of us becoming a thing, then I would be, well, very sad.
108 The One Where Nana Dies Twice
Ross: And where she's going everyone else'll be dressier?
Ross: I know, uh, the air, the-the trees... even though Nana's gone there's, there's something almost, uh- I dunno, almost life-aff- (Not looking where he is going he falls into an open grave)
109 The One Where Underdog Gets Away
Ross: Ok, ok, here we go. (he crouches down near her stomach) Ok, where am I talking to, here? I mean, uh, well, there is one way that seems to offer a certain acoustical advantage, but...
Rachel: Oh, he is precious! Where did you get him?
Chandler: Wait a minute, wait a minute, I see where this is going, you're gonna ask him to New Year's, aren't you. You're gonna break the pact. She's gonna break the pact.
David: ...But, you can't actually test this theory, because today's particle accelerators are nowhere near powerful enough to simulate these conditions.
David: Right. But, see, the longer I waited, the more phenomenal the kiss had to be, and now we've reached a place where it's just gotta be one of those things where I just like... sweep everything off the table and throw you down on it. And, uh, I'm not really a, uh, sweeping sorta fella.
Phoebe: I know where Minsk is.
Joey: Feminist issue. That's where I went!
Monica: Where are you guys going? Come on, one more game!
Ross: Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Joey: If you go to a hotel you'll be...doing stuff. I want you right here where I can keep an eye on you.
Rachel: Perfect. Fasten your seatbelts, it's peepee time. (She goes into Joey and Chandler's apartment, where Mr. Tribbiani is reading the paper) Hey, Mr. Trib. 
Phoebe: Where are you going, Mr. Suity-Man?
Monica: So great! He showed me where the restaurant's going to be. It's this, it's this cute little place on 10th Street. Not too big, not too small. Just right.
Joey: Yeah, where the hell is he?
(Ursula spins around looking puzzled, quite unable to tell where the sound is coming from.)
Ursula: Right, yeah, ’cause its close to where I live, and the aprons are really cute.
Joey: Not from where I was standin’.
Phoebe: (Turning to Chandler) where were you standing?
Chandler: Hey, where you been?
Chandler: Nina? Nina. (He goes around his desk to where she is sitting.) Nina. (In pain) Nina.
Ross: I had a dream last night where I was playing football with my kid.
Ross: Marcel! Where are you going with that disc?
Monica: Excuse me, where are you going?
Rachel: Yeah...(sigh)....OK. Where were we? Oh, OK... five card draw, uh... jacks or better... nothing wild, everybody ante.
119 The One Where the Monkey Gets Away
Monica: Oh good! 'Cause where else would we get any?
Joey: Alright alright. You're a monkey. You're loose in the city. Where do you go?
Ross: Marcel? Marcel? Okay, where is he? Where is he? Marcel? Marcel?
Rachel: Y'know, it was, uh.. it was actually really great. He took me to lunch at the Russian Tea Room, and I had that chicken, where y'know you poke it and all the butter squirts out...
Monica: Y'see, this is where you'd use that 'hello' word we talked about.
Phoebe: Where are you going?
Rachel: Oh, she wants to see me tomorrow...Oh, she sounded really weird, I gotta call Barry... (Does so, on phone) Hi, it's me, I just.. Mindy!! Mindy! Hi! No, I figured that's where you'd be!
Ross: No, no. The vet says unless he's in a place where he has regular access to some... monkey lovin,' he's just gonna get vicious. I've just gotta get him into a zoo.
Fake Monica: I thought that movie was so incredibly... boring. I mean, that thing at the end where the kid kills himself because he can't be in the play? What was that?! It's like, kid, wait a year, leave home, do some community theatre. I walked out of there and I thought, 'Now, that's two hours of my life that I'm never getting back.' And that thought scared me more than all the other crap I was afraid to do.
Ross: Where exactly is your zoo?
Rachel: Where the hell've you been?
Young Ethan: I am telling you, up until I was, like nine, I thought that gunpoint was an actual place where crimes happen.
Young Ethan: Well it's somewhere in between. You see, in a strictly technical sense, of course, I'm not uh..., well I, I mean I haven't ever uh...
Rachel: Where are you going?
[Scene: A hall on the floor where Chandler works. Chandler and Phoebe enters, and overhears some employees's conversation. One of them is doing Chandler.]
Rachel: I don't know where the phone is.
Ross: (to Carol) Where the hell have you been?
Rachel: Well, where is he? He is supposed to be here. (Pause) What if the baby needs him?
Chandler: Where have you been?
Dr. Franzblau: No, no, really. I suppose it's because I spend so much time, you know, where I do.
Ross: No no no, believe me. No one has been waiting for this as much as I have, ok? And you know what the funny thing is? When this day is over, you get to go home with the baby, ok? Where does that leave me?
Carol: Where are they?
Carol: (irked) Where have you been?
124 The One Where Rachel Finds Out
Chandler: Nothing, just a little extra air in my mouth. Pffft. Pffffffft. (walks over to where Joey is seated)
(They both walk over to where Rachel is opening her gifts. Rachel sees her first gift is a fruit basket.)
Rachel: Well, have you been involved with someone where you haven't broken up?
ROSS: Well, where do I start? This is Julie. Julie, this is Rachel.
ROSS: Ok. Well, before I say anything, I just need to know, is this one of those things where you break up with a guy, and then I tell you what I think, and then the next day you get back together with the guy, and I look like a complete idiot?
MONICA: Hey, where is everybody?
MONICA: Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
203 The One Where Mr. Heckles Dies
JULIE: Where you goin'?
DUNCAN: I know, that's what I kept telling myself but you just reach a point where you can't live a lie anymore.
PHOEBE: But, but this is my gig. This is where I play. My, my name is written out there in chalk. You know, you can't just erase chalk.
RACHEL: Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
PHOEBE: No, huh uh, I'm sorry, no. No, I'm not some like sloppy second, charity band. You know what, there are thousands of places in this city where people would be happy to pay to hear me play. (Out on the sidewalk, singing) When I play, I play for me, I don't need your charity. (Someone puts a coin in her guitar case) Thank you! La la la la la la la....
207 The One Where Ross Finds Out
PHOE: He said that, um, he understands how sex can be like, a very emotional thing for a woman and he was just afraid that I was gonna get all, y'know, like, 'ohh, is he gonna call me the next day' and, y'know, 'where is this going' and, ya know, blah-la-la-la-la. So he said he wanted to hold off until he was prepared to be really serious.
RACH: [sees his coat on] Where you goin'?
PHOEBE: Happy Christmas Eve Eve. [sees Ross's picture frame] Oh my God, where did you get this?
PHOEBE: Alright, so, what, he's not a famous tree surgeon? And then, I guess, OK, he doesn't live in a hut in Burma where there's no phones?
GRANDMOTHER: Last I heard, he was a pharmacist somewhere upstate.
GRANDMOTHER: I know. OK, I wasn't completely honest with you when I told you that, uh, I didn't know exactly where he lived.
ROSS: Yeah, yeah, just a tough day at work. A stegosaurus fell over and trapped a kid. Whoa, whoa, I know this jacket, this is, th--Fun Bobby's jacket! Where is he, what. He, he's here, isn't he?
MNCA: Well, we just happen to go to alot of places where you might drink. I mean, how do you go to a wine tasting without having a drink? Or... or to a club, or to the... zoo.
RACH: Maybe it was just the kind of story where you have to be there.
ROSS: Where ya goin'?
JOEY: It's like, you got so many lines to learn so fast, that sometimes you need a minute to remember your next one. So while you're thinkin' of it, you take this big pause where you look all intense, you know, like this. 
MRS GREEN: Sweetie! So this is where you work? Oh, it's wonderful! Is it a living room? Is it a restaurant? Who can tell? But I guess that's the fun.
PHOEBE: Ooh, where are you off to, Travelin' Jake?
ROSS: Well, I guess I'm gonna call the beer company and try to find out where he is.
MONICA: Rachel, it's a world where Joey is a neuro-surgeon.
KID: Excuse me. Is this where the singing lady is that tells the truth?
ROSS: Uh, excuse me, uh, where can we find the monkey?
RACHEL: And then Jean-Claude took me to that place Crossroads and that's where we hung out with Drew Barrymore.
GAIL: I, I really have to be somewhere but it was nice meeting you.
ROSS: Oh, see from where I was sitting I uh. . .
CHANDLER: OK, well that's the part where I'm a wank. But I was hoping we wouldn't focus on that. [Joey goes to his room and shuts the door] Hey, c'mon man, I said I was sorry like a hundred times, I promise I will never take it off my. . . [notices the bracelet is missing from his wrist] wrist. But if, if you want to stay in there and be mad, you know, you just uh, you stay in there. [he starts searching the room, lifting up the couch cushions]
MONICA: Where have you been?
MR. GELLER: Judy, Judy, relax, this is our little harmonica we're talking about. We taught her well. Ten percent of your paycheck, where does it go?
MR. GELLER: There you go. So she dips into her savings, that's what it's there for. She's gonna be fine, and if you need a little extra, you know where to find it. [pulls a quarter from behind her ear]
215 The One Where Rachel and Ross... You Know
ROSS: OK, my hands were no where near your butt.
[Scene: Museum of Natural History. Ross enters the display where Rachel is waiting.]
216 One Where Joey Moves Out
JOEY: So where you gettin' it?
JOEY: I'm sorry. I'm 28 years old, I've never lived alone, and I'm finally at a place where I've got enough money that I don't need a roommate anymore.
PHOEBE: Oh OK. [pulls over her shirt and shows a bare shoulder] Oh no, oh it's gone, that's so weird, I don't know how-where it went.
RACHEL: Oh, what a load of crap. That is a dot. Your mother is up in heaven going, 'Where the hell is my lily, you wuss?' OK, Phoebe, that is not a tattoo, this is a tattoo. [she bends over and bears her tattoo right when Ross returns]
217 The One Where Eddie Moves In
218 The One Where Dr. Remore Dies
JOEY: Well, I get the medical award for separating the siamese twins. Then Amber and I go to Venezuela to meet our other half-brother, Ramone. And that's where I find the world's biggest emerald. It's really big but it's cursed.
MONICA: Alright, I tell you what, I'll give this to you now if you can tell me where we keep the dustpan.
219 The One Where Eddie Won't Go
CHANDLER: Where did you hear it from before?
ROSS: No look I wasn''t right, that's what I came here to tell you. I was totally hung up on, on my own stuff. Listen, I'm someone who needs the whole security thing, ya know. To know exactly where my next paycheck is coming from buy you, you don't need that and that's amazing to me. I could never do what you do Joey.
220 The One Where Old Yeller Dies
MONICA: What about the part where he has rabies?
MONICA: Hey. Where is he, where's Richard? Did you ditch him?
RACHEL: Yes, but I, I think about who's apartment we're gonna sleep at tomorrow night and, and where we're gonna have dinner next Saturday night. I do not think about what our childrens' names are gonna be. You know what our childrens names are gonna be.
PHOEBE: [pauses the tape] Ok, Ben, this is the part where Ernie buries Bert in the sand and can't find him. Now, I've looked ahead on the tape and he does find him again. But, ok, before that happens, there's some pretty rough goin' for a while but I think we can handle it. And, there's just the alphabet but we know that ends well so. Ok, here we go. [starts the tape again]
PHOEBE: No, 'cause you just said dad and everywhere I go today I keep getting signs telling me to go see my father. Like when I was walking over here and I passed a buffet...which is my father's last name.
MONICA: It bit. It was a 50's theme restraunt. I have to cook in a costume and dance on the counter. I mean I was a chef at Cafe des Artistes. I mean how could I take a job where I have to make something called Laverne and Curly Fries?
LITTLE BULLY: And look where they're sitting.
JOEY: [in a fake voice] Uhh, hello Miss Buffay. I know where your dog is. I want you to know that he'll be returned to you, almost as good as new, within, within 24 hours. Uh, goodbye. [hangs up]
MONICA: Yeah, yeah, yeah, where are we on the hundred bucks?
FRANK: Yeah hey, you know if you want I can take you around back and show you where he hit his head on the rain gutter.
ROSS: Question. Why do we always have to have parties where you poach things?
MONICA: Because that's where the party is you goon. See this is just the staging area.
MR. GREENE: Oh hello Ross, where have you been?
ROSS: Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? [walks out in the hallway, Mr. Greene is walking out of Chandler and Joey's apartment] Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
MONICA: What? [she runs over to where Phoebe is, Phoebe signals for Gunther to go] I don't see anything.
CHANDLER: Well, uh, Dr. Greene, where are you going?
MONICA: Alright, you see these little flower blossoms? They should be facing up, not down, because, well, the head of the bed is where the sun would be. You don't love me any more do you.
SCOTT: Where do you work?
MONICA: Nooo! Never! I mean, we're living in the moment. God, it is so nice for once to not have to get all hung up on 'Where is this going?'
CHANDLER: Where is she, Where is she? (grabs Rachel) Oh, hey, I have a question, where is she?
Phoebe: Oh, okay that explains it. I got a call at two in the morning, but all I could hear was, like, this high squeaky sound, so I thought okay its like a mouse or a opossum. But then I realized where would a mouse or a opossum get the money to make the phone call.
Phoebe: Rach, look! (she holds two buns up to her ears to make her hair look like the Princess Leia 'do.) Oh, hi! Where is my strong Ross Skywalker to come rescue me. (Ross stands up horrified) There he is.
Ross: No, no it's, um, it's not you, um, it's um, it's (turns and sees his Mom standing where Rachel is) 
302 The One Where No-one's Ready 
Joey: What's the big deal, sit somewhere else.
Phoebe: (turns around) Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
Phoebe: Wait, (grabs him) you know what, I got a little story. When I was in Junior High School I went through this period where I thought I was a witch. And there was this guidance counselor who said something to me, that I think will help you a lot. He said okay, 'you're not a witch you're just an average student.' See what I'm saying?
Chandler: Yeah. (they both notice where his hands are) 
Joey: Remember when you where a kid and your Mom would drop you off at the movies with a jar of jam and a little spoon?
Joey: Orrr, you could follow him and see where he goes.
Janice: You know what, where he hugs you and kinda rolls you away and... Oh... my....God.
Joey: Where you going?
Monica: Oh, you mean like that guy thing where you act mean and distant until you get us to break up with you.
Ross: (to Joey) Where there is no fear of commitment.
Janice: Where is this party?
Chandler: Well, we have a deal, where we each get to pick five celebrities that we can sleep with, and the other one can't get mad.
Monica: Hey! Where 'ya headin' in those pants? 1982?
Monica: Oh honey, we're close now but you-you wouldn't believe the years of-of nugies, and wedgies, and flying wedgies, and atomic wedgies, and.... (Phoebe shakes her head like she doesn't understand) That's where the waistband actually goes over your head. 
Chandler: Oh, just this! (turns around and has a paint lid stuck to the back of his pants.) Y'know what it's my fault really, because the couch is usually where we keep the varnish.
Chandler: Just coffee! Where are we gonna hang out now?
Monica: Oh my God, you can't even see where the Titanic hit it.
Phoebe: Okay, this is what I'm talking about, this. I-I need to live in a land where people can spill.
Ross: (all depressed) Hi. Where is everybody?
Dr. Green: This where they put it? What, there no table available in the kitchen! Hello, baby.
Joey: Okay, some tricks of the trade. Now, I've never been able to cry as an actor, so if I'm in a scene where I have to cry, I cut a hole in my pocket, take a pair of tweezers, and just start pulling. Or ah, or, let's say I wanna convey that I've just done something evil. That would be the basic 'I have a fishhook in my eyebrow and I like it' (Does it by raising one eyebrow, and showing off the pretend fishhook.) Okay, let's say I've just gotten bad news, well all I do there is try and divide 232 by 13. (looks all confused) And that's how it's done. Great soap opera acting tonight everybody, class dismissed.
Monica: Where are we gonna find a tiny little hat?
Ross: Okay, where in the hell did you get that?!
[Sequence 4: Ross hikes the ball to Chandler, and the camera pans down to show Rachel standing deep in the end zone, playing with her gum. Something hits her on the head and she looks up to see where it came from.]
Chandler: No ah, hold on a second Joe, where do Dutch people come from?
Chandler: And the other ah, Dutch people, they come on from somewhere near the Netherlands, right?
Joey: Nice try. (to Margha) See the Netherlands is this make believe place where Peter Pan and Tinker Bell come from.
310 The One Where Rachel Quits
Chandler: (reading the paper) Says here that a muppet got whacked on Seasame Street last night. (to Ross) Where exactly were around ten-ish?
Rachel: Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
Monica: (comes up and starts looking through Ross's cookie supply) Ross, but me down for another box of the mint treasures, okay. Where, where are the mint treasures?
311 The One Where Chandler Can't Remember Which Sister
Monica: Joey, where are the Jell-o shots?
Ross: Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
Chandler: Well, that's the part where you tell him that I moved to France. When actually I'll be in Cuba.
Ross: Where in Cuba?
Rachel: Where ya going? 
Phoebe: Y'know I had a dream where Ross and Rachel were still together, they never broke up. And we were all just like hanging out, and everyone was happy....
Phoebe: Listen Ross, we ran out of gas, and we don't know where we are, so we can't get a tow truck.
Ross: We were on a break!!! Okay!! (grabs the phone) We were, we were..., (calms down) yeah. Where are you? I'll find you. (hangs up) 
Ross: Oh-oh, hitting me where it hurts, my ski skills.
Ross: Oh, great! Listen, oh I had to get you a whole new battery. I got you the best one I could, 'cause that's not where you want to skimp.
Monica: (in the hallway) So, where do you want to go?
Kate: Where do I know you from?
Rachel: You know how much I love that T-shirt! You never even where that T-shirt!
Monica: Absolutely! (He goes to kiss her, but she stops him and rubs his head and says...) Now get out of here you!! (Pete leaves) (to the gang) Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
Pete: Where are we? 
Monica: So I did tell you. Okay, y'know, that really isn't the thing. Umm, the thing is that, right now I'm just in a place in my life where I need to focus on me. Y'know what I mean?
Rachel: Oh, great. Although I did sit down where there wasn't a chair.
The Director: (returning) Okay, I'm afraid to say this, but let's pick it up where we left off.
Kate: Look umm, I, I was, I was just caught up in the moment. That's all it was. Joey, I'm-I'm sorry you feel bad, but haven't you ever sleep with a women where it meant more to her than it did to you?
Chandler: Okay, but this is the last time. (singing) With a chick-chick here, and a chick-chick there. Here a chick, there a chick, everywhere a chick-chick- (Joey enters) -chickeeeen.
Phoebe: Okay. (on phone) Ooh, I'm setting the phone down. (does so) But I'm still here! Just don't go anywhere I'm still here. (starts to put on the sweater) Don't-don't switch or anything, 'cause I'm, I'm right here. (She has pulled the sweater over her head, but her head is stuck in a sleeve.) Just one sec. One sec! One second!! (She is now frantically trying to get the sweater on, as Monica returns from the bathroom.) Wait! One second! Just...
Monica: Yeah. Where were you?
Joey: Yeah! I stayed at Kate's, but ah, nothing happened. Hey, Pheebs, where were ya?
Lauren: (answering the door) Vic! Where have you been, baby?!
Lauren: I've been waiting up all night for ya. Where have you been? (Joey doesn't answer) Where have you been? Vic?!
Lauren: (yelling from onstage) Where are you Vic?
Phoebe: (to her date) Okay, and then this is the coffee house. This is where I play my music. (points to the stage) 
Phoebe Sr.: I’ll go in a second, I-I just wanted to tell you that there hasn’t been a day where I didn’t regret giving you up.
Ross: (reading the newspaper) Hey, here’s a question; where did you guys get the finest oak East of the Mississippi?
Chandler: Uh-huh, first you tell us where you got the prettiest lace in all the land.
Monica: You went to one where you were popular, and you got to ride off Chip’s motorcycle, and wear his letterman jacket. I went to one where I wore a band uniform they had to have specially made.
Rachel: Yeah. Just, if it’s possible, could you leave him somewhere and go have sex with another guy?
Chandler: What the hell happened?!! How were you locked in?!! And where the hell is all of our stuff?!!
Monica: Look, not that I enjoy talking about people who I went to high school with, ‘cause I do, but umm, maybe we could talk about something else? Like you, I don’t even know where you work?
Chip: You know where I work!
[Cut to Joanna’s outer office, where Rachel and Sophie work. They are both coming back from lunch.]
Chandler: No, I just always see guys doing this when they get handcuffs taken off them. (He runs over to where his pants are hanging) Hello sweet pants!
The Salesman: Let’s see, ahhh… Where does the Pope live?
Joey: No you can’t do that, where would the chick and the duck live?
Mrs. Potter: Oh really? Well, then you’d better tell his other wife, ‘cause she called three times asking where he is.
[Cut to the roof, where Joey and Mr. Treeger are dancing happily to ^Night and Day^.]
Chandler: Where did you, when did you, how did you... (Joey hits the back of Chandler's head) How did you get a girl like that? 
[Scene: A kitchen where Phoebe and Monica are finishing up a catering job] 
[cut to the living room of the same dwelling, where the funeral guests are mingling. Monica enters.] 
[cut to the living room where Mrs. Burkart is now performing.] 
407 The One Where Chandler Crosses a Line
Chandler: Hey! I’m sorry! That—(sees that Joey is about to leave) where are you going?
Phoebe: Yeah, I can see where I’d be your best shot but, no. I’m sorry, but I think it’s twisted.
Tim: Where can I wash up?
Phoebe: Yeah, but Monica, do you actually want to be in a relationship where you can actually use the phrase, "That’s not how your dad used to do it."
Tim: Wow! Everything looks great! Where should I sit?
409 The One Where They’re Gonna PARTY
Joanna: You know, Junior Miss is where I started. Oh, I had to sleep with the ugliest guy to get that job.
Joey: I have an audition, but I’ll definitely hook up with you later. Where are you gonna be around noon?
Ross: Somewhere maybe along the equator?
Monica: Oh my God! You own an Italian restaurant and you think that tastes good?! Where are you even from?
Joey: Yeah! And I like to hang out in a quiet place where I can talk to my friends.
Phoebe: Where were you?
Joey: Sure! Where are the seats?
Rachel: Oh! See just I’m right back where I started! Aww, this sucks! Being alone, sucks! (She sits down heavily in one of the new chairs)
Monica: In the beginning where y’know it’s all sex and talking and sex and talking and…
Ross: It’s like that everywhere, Joey! Okay, Mon, back me up here. Where you work the uh, waiters eat with the waiters, right? And the chefs eat with the other chefs, right?
Chandler: Look, you have to help me! Okay? I mean, I know what to do with a woman, y’know, I know where everything goes, it’s always nice. But I need to know what makes it go from nice to, "My God! Somebody’s killing her in there!"
Phoebe: Five? Okay, where am I giving birth, a hospital or a big box under the stairs?
Phoebe: Personal shopping? What is that? Like where you walk around with snooty rich people and tell them what to buy?
Joshua: So…(Holds out his hands as to say, "Where are my gloves?")
Rachel: I’ll be right there! (to Ross) Okay, Ross, please come on! I thought we have moved on! I thought we’ve gotten to a place where we could be happy for each other! I mean was that just me?
Chandler: That’s right! Where are the guys? I’m ready to get drunk and see some strippers.
Rachel: I don’t care! All right, y’know what I’m just upset that I’m getting nowhere with Joshua that—y’know what still, you do not meet someone and go flitting off to Vermont!
Phoebe: Come on! Look where you are!!
Charlton Heston: (tosses him a towel, motions for him to get out of the shower and sits down on the couch) Every actor at one time or another—opp! (Joey tries to sit down next to him and Heston makes him sit somewhere else.) Every actor thinks he stinks, even Lawrence Oliver at sometimes thought he stank, Bob Redford won’t even watch himself.
Chandler: Where I don’t want to have a relationship ever! I just want to have sex with strippers and my friends!!
Ross: Uh, what you said, about us being in a place where we could finally be happy for each other. 
Ross: But now! I’m there! I’m totally there! I’m-I’m finally where you are!
Janice: Oh no! Where to? (Gasps) Too Paris?
Monica: Yeah, well, I’m using noise. Okay. All right! So, is everybody ready? Here we go. (She flips on the switch and a hum starts.) I hear something! I hear something! Where is it? (They all start looking until Rachel realises it’s Joey.)
Joey: Well, maybe that’s because you’re closer to you. So you look bigger to you from where you are.
Rachel: Okay, y’know what, y’know what? This playing hard to get thing is not working. Umm, hand-hand me those cherries. (Chandler does so.) Okay. Okay. (She does a little sexy walk over to where Joshua is standing.) Hi!
Rachel: (spinning the bottle) So, Spin the Bottle works like this: I spin the bottle, it lands on Gunther, so I would have to kiss Gunther. (She crawls over to where Gunther is sitting and sees the look of anticipation on Gunther’s face and decides not to kiss him.) All right. Who wants to go first?
Rachel: All right, well, everybody just remember where they were sitting. 
Phoebe: Ohh, I’m getting too pregnant for this, lugging around a stupid massage table. Y’know, I have to find a job where I carrying a smaller table. (She goes over and stands in front of the TV.)
Chandler: Or a job where you don’t have to carry a table.
Phoebe: Oh my God! Oh my God! Oh my God!! So I-I mean so in a few months I’m going to have three full grown babies just walkin’ around inside me?! Oh! Oh! And it’s gonna be one of those log rides where they just come shooting out!
Monica: Where ya going?
Chandler: A place where no one will ever get out alive?
Emily: I uh, I’ve been to his apartment and he wasn’t there, and uh. I need to talk to him, so do you have any idea where he is?
Joey: Oh, want a good name, go with Joey. Joey’s your pal. Joey’s your buddy. "Where is everybody?" "Well, they’re hanging out with Joey."
(Rachel slams shut her window and storms into the living room, where Joey and Monica are eating breakfast.)
Chandler: Where is Emily?
Rachel: Come on! They rushed into this thing so fast it’s ridiculous! I mean, they’re gonna be engaged for like what? A year? And somewhere along the way, one of them is gonna realise what they’ve done and they’re call the whole thing off. I’m telling ya, you’re gonna be dancing at my wedding before you’re dancing at there’s.
Rachel: Yeah-yeah, y’know if-if there was just like one little area where I—that I think we need—we would need to work on; I-I would think it was we’re just not crazy enough!
Rachel: Well, yeah, y’know how Ross and I were on again, off again, on again, off again? I guess I just figured that somewhere down the road, we would be on again.
Monica: Oh, I wish there was a job where I could wear this all the time. (Pause) Maybe someday, there will be.
[The next clip is from The One Where Ross Finds Out]
[The next clip is the second famous fight in The One Where Ross and Rachel Take A Break.]
[The first clip is from The One Where Rachel Finds Out.]
[The next clip is from The One Where Ross Finds Out.]
[The next clip is from The One Where Ross and Rachel.... You Know.]
Ross: Where’s my ring? My dead grandmother’s wedding ring? Where is it? Where is it?
Ross: Oh my God! Thank you! Thank you so much! (He grabs the ring, kisses it, and then does a double-take realising where it’s been.)
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, continued from earlier, Monica is telling Phoebe where everything is.]
[Scene: Another street, somewhere along the River Themes, Ross, Emily, and Monica are walking to where they’re gonna get married. Emily is relating the troubles with the caterer.]
Emily: She said, "If I’m not gonna be happy getting married somewhere that we find in a day, well then we should just postpone it."
Emily: Don’t you point your pants at me! (She throws them on the floor.) We have no choice! Anywhere that’s half-decent would’ve be booked months ago, Ross don’t you understand? This is our wedding I’m talking about.
Rachel: Ooh, is this one of those things where you throw it in a bag with some graveyard dirt and hang it from a north-facing tree?
Joey: Wait, well, where did you get it from?! 
Rachel: Do you remember where the duck food is?
Phoebe: No no no, I’ll be nice, I swear!!!   Could you just give me the number for where they are?
Rachel: (Looking through her purse.) Okay, you know what? I don’t have it, but I can tell you exactly where it is on my night stand, and...okay. But you know what? I have my drivers license and I have a twenty. (She slides it across the counter.)
Phoebe: (Trying to get up.) Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! (Not able to get up.) God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Joey: Hey, best man number two, Joey Tribbiani. Now I’m not good with the jokes like Chandler here. Boy...but ahh, I just want to say congratulation to the happy couple. I first met Ross in this coffee house back home...Home...New York City...Where everybody knows my name. Well anyway, I love you guys. (pointing at everyone.) But not as much as I love America. (Looking at Chandler.) Could we please..go home now?
Joey: I know! That’s why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is? 
[Scene: The church where Ross and Emily are to be married. Judy, Andrea, and Monica enter together.]
Monica: (Awkwardly.) Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don’t even like Chandler.
Monica: Where were you? We were supposed to meet in the wine cellar?
Chandler: Well, you couldn’t have looked everywhere or else you would’ve found her!
Ross: Wait, well wh-wh-wh-where is she?
[Scene: A 747 somewhere over the North Atlantic, Monica and Chandler are sitting in first class, depressed.]
Ross: (breaking the hug) Ohh, I gotta go to the flower store! (Runs to the door.) Check it out, no one will tell me where Emily is, so I'm gonna send 72 long-stem, red roses to Emily's parent's house, one for each day that I've known and loved her. That oughta get her talking to me again.
Ross: Actually, it kinda is. My wife won't return my calls. I don't know where my wife is. (Laughs) "Hey Ross, where's the Mrs.?" Don't know! 
Ross: Hey, where are Monica and Rachel anyway?
504 The One Where Phoebe Hates PBS
Phoebe: I will find a selfless good deed! 'Cause I just gave birth to three children and I will not let them be raised in a world where Joey is right!
Gary Collins: (on TV.) It looks like we have surpassed last year's pledge total! Thank you viewers! The pledge that did it was taken by one of our volunteers…(He walks over to where Joey is sitting.) Oh boy! And may I say one of our sharpest dressed volunteers, (Joey stands up.) Mr. Joseph Tribbiani!
Chandler: I'm not in charge of where the conference is held. Do you want people to think it's a fake conference? It's a real conference.
Monica: Hey, look at you! Where have you been?
Emily: I'll feel better when I'm there, and I can know where you are all the time.
Ross: Well, you can't know where I am all the time. Look, this marriage is never gonna work if you don't trust me.
507 The One Where Ross Moves In
Larry: And where is your hat?
Larry: Oh, will you mind if I wash up? Because I came straight from work and who knows where these babies (Holds up his hands) have been.
Chandler: Okay. (Starts to head for where the foosball table usually is.)
Joey: Pheebs, if this guy keeps closing down all of our favorite places, where are we gonna eat?!
Phoebe: Okay, stop! Larry, okay, can't you just be Larry and not Larry the health inspector guy? Y'know I mean it was really exciting at first but now it's like, okay, so where are we gonna eat ever?
Joey: Well, we got plenty of space! There-there's still some over there (Points to where the window is but sees that there isn't any space there and points towards his door.) by-by that speaker. Please, just stay!
Rachel: Yeah, you know what we should all do? We should play that game where everyone says one thing that they're thankful for.
Joey: Yeah, the other day I was at the bus-stop and this lovely fall breeze came in out of nowhere and blew this chick's skirt right up. Oh! Which reminds me, I'm also thankful for thongs. (Note: Actually, I think every guy is thankful for thongs. That and spandex.  )
Phoebe: Oh no, I know! I know! It's the one where Joey got Monica's turkey stuck on his head!
(Rachel wanders into the kitchen where Monica is making Chandler's dinner.)
Ross: Can you please not do that feet first? You know where his injury is! Severed toe, you just said it!
Joey: So Pheebs, where are you doing all, your bell ringing?
(He starts chasing her around Rachel a couple of times before she runs into the living room and he tackles her on the couch where he starts tickling her.)
Monica: It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?
Chandler: No. No, I just think that maybe I-I'd heard it somewhere before. (Sits down rubbing his temple.)
Joey: Oh really! Where? Somewhere funny I'd bet! (Chandler is straining to keep quiet as Phoebe enters.)
(They all speak at once in general approval of his pants selection; Joey asks where he got them. I can't pick out the rest of it.)
(He points to where she's sitting and she jumps up quickly.)
(She walks up to where Doug is finishing another joke to another group.)
[Scene: A tennis court somewhere in the city of New York, it's the doubles match-up of a century Chandler and Monica versus Doug and Kara.]
Monica: Oh my God! (She goes to hug him, stops short, and hits him on the shoulder.) Where the hell have you been?!!
[Cut to Chandler, Joey, and Ross's apartment, Rachel enters and sneaks up to Chandler's bedroom where she overhears Chandler and Monica talking.]
Ross: (glaring at Joey) This would be the place where you explain the hat.
514 The One Where Everyone Finds Out
[Scene: Ugly Naked Guy's apartment, Ross, Rachel, and Phoebe are checking out the place. Luckily, Ugly Naked Guy is nowhere to be seen.]
Phoebe: You mean whenever Monica and Chandler where like y'know doing laundry or going grocery shopping or—Oh! All that time Monica spent on the phone with sad Linda from camp!
[Cut to the hallway where Phoebe is conferring with Rachel.]
[Scene: The hallway, Ross is running up the stairs. Note: This show continues where the last one left off.]
Katie: Hey, where are we going to lunch?
Chandler: Yeah, here, somewhere else, y'know where-where ever. (Gets up.)
Chandler: Where's Monica?! Where is she? I need to talk to her! It's urgent! Is she here?
Cop: (following her) Hey by the way, I'm sure Sipowicz is gonna be all right. I heard that kid from Silver Spoons is really good. (Phoebe's stunned) And where did you find my badge?
Phoebe: Yeah! So--ooh, I gotta ask you though. How did you know where to find me?
Phoebe: Okay, you know where you are better than I do. I was just curious.
Joey: No, in Ross's building! (He throws Rachel onto the chair and heads to the window.) She's back! She's back! (Pantomimes) Okay, wait there, I'll be over in a second. (He counts where she is again.) Got it! (Runs out and does a little hot over a chair.)
Rachel: Now you're probably going to hire one of the people who did not ah, (She puts her hands on his desk blotter and he moves it. Rachel then doesn't know where to put her hands.) who did, who did not umm, yell at you and storm out, and I think that's a big mistake and here's why. I made a huge fool of myself and I came back, that shows courage. When I thought you wanted sex in exchange for this job, I said no. That shows integrity. And, I was not afraid to stand up for myself and that shows courage. (Suddenly realizes that she said courage twice.) Okay umm, now I know I already said courage, but y'know you gotta have courage. And umm, and finally when I thought you were making sexual advances in the workplace, I said no and I was not litigious. {By the way, litigious means to want to litigate and litigate is to make a lawsuit against.  So she didn't want to sue him.   Don't worry, I had to look it up too.} So there you go, you got, you got (counts them off with her fingers) courage, you got integrity, you got (Pause) courage again, and not litigious. Look Mr…
Chandler: Yeah that was great. That was really great! But to tell you the truth, I'm more excited about where we are right now.
518 The One Where Rachel Smokes
Rachel: Excuse me, can I, can I bum one of those? (He holds up his pack.) Y'know what, actually… (She takes the one he's smoking and heads over to where Nancy and Kim are standing and laughing.) Okay, okay, okay, what's so funny over here?
519 The One Where Ross Can't Flirt
Rachel: Ohh! Thank God! Where was it?
Joey: Okay, here's my big scene. My big scene's here! (They have two of the cops on the street, then they cut to where they're entering an apartment.) Oh my God.
Phoebe: All right, I already didn't give them back to you, that's what I said. (Walks away over to Rachel.) Where is that other earring?
Rachel: I know, I know, but uh just, I'm telling you, once, once you get past that part, that where it-it just feels like you wanna die, he's-he's really a good person.
Ross: So where are we going next?
Ross: (looking at the coffee table where his money was) Hey umm, was-was Monica here?
Ross: I know where Joey would be. He would be down in the foxhole protecting all of us.
[Cut to Chandler and Joey's, Ross is seen throwing the ball into the bathroom, presumably where Joey is currently using the facilities.]
Monica: Joey, I left my watch on the counter last night. (Goes to the counter) It was right here, where is it?
Monica: So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
[Cut to her apartment where Rachel is sitting at the table.]
Joey: It's called Shutter Speed, it's really cool! Yeah, umm, I meet this girl in the subway and we fall in love in like a day, right? And then, she disappears… But I find out where she lives and when I get there this like old lady answers the door and I say, "Where's Betsy?" Right? And she says, "Betsy's been dead for 10 years."
Dr. Miller: Very good Monica! You know where they are.
Chandler: Hey, so where are we staying? Is the movie putting us up in a big hotel suite?
Joey: Yeah. Okay. Ross's treat! Where do you wanna eat?
Chandler: I don't know! He went crazy! Y'know, we were playing that game where you-you ask a question and you answer it really fast.
Chandler: That's a good idea. I wonder where I could (Pause) get a basket of porn…
Stanley: Eh, worth a shot. (Gets into his car.) Look Joey, let me know where you're staying, okay? (The car peels away.)
Phoebe: Sure! Where is it?
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the scene is continued from where we left off before the break.]
Chandler: No-no, that's okay, apparently there's a new policy where we don't have to share everything with everybody.
Phoebe: I wonder where she is. That is so weird.
Chandler: Okay, so if an eight comes up, we take it as a sign and we do it! {Whoa! Where have I heard that before? Matthew Perry talking about signs in Las Vegas. I guess it must've been some movie I saw.} What do you say?
