Ross: No!! Okay?! Why does everyone keep fixating on that? She didn't know,  how should I know?
Rachel: Oh God... well, it started about a half hour before the wedding. I was in the room where we were keeping all the presents, and I was looking at this gravy boat. This really gorgeous Lamauge gravy boat. When all of a sudden- (to the waitress that brought her coffee) Sweet 'n' Lo?- I realized that I was more turned on by this gravy boat than by Barry! And then I got really freaked out, and that's when it hit me: how much Barry looks like Mr. Potato Head. Y'know, I mean, I always knew looked familiar, but... Anyway, I just had to get out of there, and I started wondering 'Why am I doing this, and who am I doing this for?'. (to Monica) So anyway I just didn't know where to go, and I know that you and I have kinda drifted apart, but you're the only person I knew who lived here in the city.
Chandler: Look, Ross, you gotta understand, between us we haven't had a relationship that has lasted longer than a Mento.   You, however have had the love of a woman for four years.   Four years of closeness and sharing at the end of which she ripped your heart out, and that is why we don't do it!  I don't think that was my point!
Monica: Why?! Why? Why, why would anybody do something like that? 
Rachel: I know that. That's why I was getting married. 
Ross: Yeah, and-and it's not that we don't like the comedian, it's that-that... that's not why we bought the ticket. 
Ross: Why- why are you here, Carol? 
Monica: I'm sorry, why is this girl going to call me? 
Rachel: Why are- why are you so tanned? 
Ross: Well, wait a minute, wha- why is she in the title? 
Chandler: I think this is probably why Damone smokes in his cell alone. 
Monica: I mean, why should I let them meet him? I mean, I bring a guy home, and within five minutes they're all over him. I mean, they're like- coyotes, picking off the weak members of the herd. 
Monica: Oh, why is it unfair? 
Chandler: So I have a flaw! Big deal! Like Joey's constant knuckle-cracking isn't annoying? And Ross, with his over-pronouncing every single word? And Monica, with that snort when she laughs? I mean, what the hell is that thing? ...I accept all those flaws, why can't you accept me for this? 
Joey: Why do you have to break up with her? Be a man, just stop calling. 
Phoebe: (to Rachel) What's the matter? Why so scrunchy?
Ross: Me. Was that not clear? Hey, why don't, um, why don't I just join you both, here?
Joey: Fine, fine, so, why don't the four of us go out and have dinner together tonight? You know, as friends?
Monica: Why not?
Monica: Why would someone do that?! ...One might wonder.
Chandler: C'mon, we're great together, why not?
Aurora: Why can't we just have what we have now? Why can't we just talk, and laugh, and make love, without feeling obligated to one another... and up until tonight I thought that's what you wanted too.
Ross: Look at it this way: you dumped her. Right? I mean, this woman was unbelievably sexy, and beautiful, intelligent, unattainable... Tell me why you did this again?
Ross: (acts surprised) What? (pause) Why not?
Monica: Why not?
Ross: Why don't we just put 'poor little Tooty' out in the hall?
Ross: (sarcastic) I don't see why not.
Mrs. Geller: No, I'd be hearing about 'Why didn't I get the honey-glazed ham?', I didn't spend enough on flowers, and if I spent more she'd be saying 'Why are you wasting your money? I don't need flowers, I'm dead'.
Rachel: It's so that I can spend Thanksgiving with my family. See, every year we go skiing in Vail, and normally my father pays for my ticket, but I sort of started the whole independence thing, you know, which is actually why I took this job.
Phoebe: Ooh, ooh! Why don't we invite her?
Monica: Why would we do that?
Monica: Ok, right about now the turkey should be crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Why are we standing here?
Monica: Why do you guys have so many keys in there anyway?
Monica: Why would I have the keys?
Monica: Oh, really? So why was I busting my ass to make this delicious Thanksgiving dinner?
Phoebe: That is so cruel! Why? Why would a parent name their child Bethel?
Monica: Why don't you just get a roommate?
Monica: Why did I 'woo-hoo'? I mean, what was I hoping would happen? That-that he'd turn round and say 'I love that sound, I must have you now'?
Chandler: Now why would she say that's embarrassing?
Ross: Why would I tell him?
Chandler: I spent the entire day with you, why didn't you tell me?!
Ross: Okay, well, if she always behaves like this, why don't you say something?
Chandler: Yeah, why not. (They shake hands) So I told her.
Joey: Why not?
Rachel: (taking cookie) Ok, thanks Pheebs (takes bite of cookie, overwhelmed) Oh my God, why have I never tasted these before?!
Chandler: Y'know, I don't know why you're so embarrassed, they were very nice boobies.
Rachel: I know, I mean, why can't parents just stay parents? (She walks over near Chandler and his gaze stays very obviously on her chest) Why do they have to become people? Why do they have... (Notices Chandler) Why can't you stop staring at my breasts?
Ross: Y'see, that's where you're wrong. Why would I marry her if I thought on any level thatthat she was a lesbian?
Ross: Why? Why would I why? Why? Why? Why?
Mrs. Tribbiani: Why did you have to fill your father's head with all that garbage about making things right? Things were fine the way they were! There's chicken in there, put it away. For God's sake, Joey, really. (She gives the sofabed a tiny push and it folds away)
Phoebe: You're not? See, that's why you're so great! 
Rachel: No! Phoebes! Don't you remember why you dumped the guy?
Phoebe: I know I am. That's why I can't wear a digital watch.
(Ross starts to laugh, and then makes a face like 'Why did I just say that?' Ross' ex-wife, Carol, and her lesbian lover, Susan, enter the restaurant. Ross stares at them.)
Janice: Well then ask yourself this. Why do you think we keep ending up together? New Year's? Who invited who? Valentine's? Who asked who into whose bed? 
Fireman No. 3: We get off around midnight, why don't we pick you up then?
Monica: Why does my cinamon stick have an eraser?
Joey: Why not? Come on! Just, just close your eyes and tell me what you'd like to be doing right now.
Monica: Why don't you just have a seat here? (he sits at the table, then tries to secretly eat the Gummi-bears. Monica spots him.) OK... give me the Gummi-bears.
Phoebe: Why? Why would you wanna... do that?  Why?
Phoebe: Well, I mean, I’m not my sister’s, you know, whatever, and um... I mean, it’s true, we were one egg, once, but err, you know, we’ve grown apart, so, um... I don’t know, why not? Okay.
Teacher: Alrighty. We’re gonna start with some basic third stage breathing exercises, so Mummies, why don’t you get on your back? And... coaches, you should be supporting Mummy’s head.
Susan: Look, I don’t see why I should have to miss out on the coaching training just because I’m a woman.
Chandler: Well, I guess that’s why they call it psychology, sir.
Nina: Maybe. But that doesn’t explain why they keep taking my scissors.
Chandler: Sure, why not?
Monica (as Rachel): ..well, why don't you tell them? After all it, is your ankle.
Rachel (as Monica): You know what, it's feeling a lot better, thank you, um... Well, listen, why don't you two sit down and, and we'll get you some glasses... okay... (They don't know what to do with their coats and Monica points to the living room) STAT!
Rachel: Okay, listen, I'm thinking, why don't we just tell them who we really are? I mean, it'll be fine, I really think it'll be fine.
Monica: (as Rachel) Yeah... Yeah, I know it's pretty selfish, but haha, hey, that's me. (Indicating a dish on the table) Why don't you try the hummus?
Rachel: (on phone) Daddy... Daddy... Daddy, why whyyy would I sleep with Billy Dreskin? His father tried to put you out of business! (Rachel turns to Monica, clasping the receiver to her bosom so Dr.Green can't hear, while mouthing "You are...") ...dead!
Monica: I don't know! Why don't you just explain? What do they want? Find out what they want!
Chandler: You know, I can't believe you. Linda is so great! Why won't you go out with her again?
Joey: You know what, you guys? It's their first time, why don't we just forget about the money, alright?
Phoebe: Whoah, ooh, why is the air in here so negative?
Phoebe: Why would you leave your Belgian waffle in the hall?
Phoebe: So, uh, why didn't you say anything?
Chandler: Yes, it's working! Why isn't she calling me back?
Monica: Why don't you just take it with you?
Monica: Why don't you just call her?
Chandler: 'S'why I'm dancing...
Monica: Why don't I just take off my clothes and have a nightmare.
Ross: Why- why- why would he need a blade?
Fake Monica: Really? Then why are you like that?
Chandler: (sarcastically) Oh, come on tell me. I could use another reason why women won't look at me.
Ross: Why, why, why would you dream that?
Ross: Pheebs, why would you want to operate a drill press?
Rachel: Just a touch. Mon, I don't understand. I mean, you've been dating this guy since like, what... his midterms? I mean, why all the sudden are you so... Oh.
Chandler: Why not?
Young Ethan: Well, think about it. It's always on the news. 'A man is being held up, at gunpoint.' 'Tourists are being terrorised, at gunpoint.' And I just kept thinking: why does people continue to go there? (He checks his watch.) Oh, ah. I should go.
Chandler: Oh, why not. Was I doing anything particularly... saucy?
Monica: Why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Monica: Ok, hypothetically, why won't I be married when I'm 40?
Joey: Sure! Why not?
Monica: Why isn't it working out?
Monica: Then why the hell are you dumping my brother?!?
MONICA: Why not?
JOEY: Why don't you go see Frankie? My family's been goin' to him forever. He did my first suit when I was 15. No wait, 16. No, 'scuse me, 15. (still confused) All right, when was 1990?
RACHEL: Ok, Paulo, why don't you just go get dressed, and then you be on your way, ok, bye-bye.
CHANDLER: Yes, Janice. Why is that so difficult for you to comprehend?
PHOEBE: Uh huh. Why is that?
CHANDLER: Why yes Ross, pressing my third nipple opens the delivery entrance to the magical land of Narnia.
CHANDLER: What's this in my pocket? Why it's Joey's porno movie.
PHOEBE: Why couldn't you have just figured this out six years ago?
ROSS: Well, pretty incredible according to the message she left you on my machine. Hey, Chandler, why is this woman leaving a message for you on my machine?
RACHEL: Uh, I don't know. Why don't you put it right here next to my water?
CHANDLER: Why did you look at me when you said that?
MONICA: Who da wenny-Benny boy? You the Wenny-wenny-Benny-Benny boy, yes. Don't cry. Don't cry. Why is he still crying?
PHOEBE: And he's going to be paying this woman? Why doesn't he just give her like a throne, and a crown, and like a, you know, gold stick with a ball on top.
RACHEL: Terry is a jerk, ok? That's why we're always saying "Terry's a jerk!" That's where that came from.
RACHEL: Ok, you know what, lemme, let me just see what else I can do. All right, look, look. Why don't you just let her go on after Stephanie whatever-her-name-is. I mean, you won't even be here. You don't pay her. It's not gonna cost you anything.
PHOEBE: Ok, there is no top. That's the beauty of Smelly Cat. Um, why don't you just follow me?
PHOE: Look, I, y'know, I don't mind taking it slow, I like him a lot, y'know he's really interesting and he's really sweet and why won't he give it up?
PHOE: Why Scott doesn't want to sleep with me. It's 'cause I'm not sexy enough.
RACH: [obviously drunk] I mean, it's a cat, y'know, it's a cat. Why can't they get one of those bugs, y'know, one of those fruitflies, those things that live for like a day or something? [belligerently] What're they called, what're they called, what're they called?
RACH: Oh, look at me, look at me. Oh, I'm on a date with a really great guy, all I can think about is Ross and his cat and his... Julie. I just want to get over him. gosh, why can't I do that?
RACH: Yeah! Closure. That's what it is, that's what I need. God, you're brilliant! Why didn't I think of that? How do I get that?
MNCA: Why not?
ROSS: Wow, well uh, uh, actually, Julie's downstairs getting a cab, I just need the cat toy, did Monica say. . . What? Why, why are you looking at me like that?
RACH: Why didn't he call? He's gonna stay with Julie, isn't he? He's gonna stay with her and she's going to be all, "Hi, I'm Julie, Ross picked me, and we're gonna to get married, have a lot of kids and dig up stuff together."
JOEY: Hey, uh, why don't you read it to her?
RADIO: Uh, we've just gotten a call from Rachel, and she told us what Ross did. It's pretty appalling, and Ross, if you're listening, I don't wanna play your song anymore. Why don't we devote our time to a couple that stands a chance? Avery, Michelle's sorry she hit you with her car and she hopes you two will work it out.
CHANDLER: Which is why geese are so relaxed this time of year.
PHOEBE: OK, that makes no sense. Why would the villagers worship a pharmacist?
CHANDLER: Well, so why not go knock?
RACH: Ehhhummmm, I don't know, why don't you taste it.
RACH: Why would I have to sleep with you?
ROSS: Why wouldn't I want to come? I had fun at the first wedding.
ROSS: No no no, I mean, hey, why shouldn't I be happy for you? What would it say about me if I couldn't revel in your joy? I'm revelling baby, believe me!
ROSS: I am really not going. I don't get it. They already live together, why do they need to get married?
RACHEL: Why on earth would I understand this?
ERICA: I don't understand, why didn't you help that man?
RACHEL: Wow, so why don't you go talk to him?
PHOEBE: OK, Rachel, why don't you start talking first.
SUSIE: Well um, why don't you call me in 20 years and tell me if you're still upset about this. [she leaves with his clothes]
PHOEBE: Oh alright, stop, STOP THE MADNESS. This is crazy. Who can even remember why this even started in the first place?
ROSS: Oh OK. Well then why don't you, uhh, why don't you borrow it from mom and dad? You feel guilty and tense around them already. You might as well make some money off of them.
MONICA: Wow, that is a surprise. Just one little question, uh, why not Ross's room?
RACHEL: Where's Chip, why isn't he here yet?
ROSS: Yeah. I don't know, I've been wanting this since like ninth grade typing, ya know. And I just want it to be perfect and right and. . . why isn't that laser beam cutting through the paint?
ROSS: Who's Richard Burke? Doc, Doctor Burke? You have a date with Doctor Burke? Why, why, why should that bother me? I, I love that man, he's like a uh, brother to dad.
ROSS: Oh look, I can't believe this. Look, homo-habilus hasn't even learned how to use tools yet and they've got him here wi, with clay pots. Why don't, why don't they just give him a microwave? I'm sorry, I'm sorry this is taking so long, ya know, I, I, it's just it's longer than I expected, we will have dinner.
ROSS: Wha, OK, I'm sorry, let's uh, why don't we find someplace else.
RACHEL: No, you know what, it's late, everything's gonna be closed. Why don't we just do it another night?
JOEY: Hey, why can't we use the same toothbrush, but we can use the same soap?
ROSS: A tattoo? Why, why would you want to do that? [to Rachel] Hi.
ROSS: No, sorry I don't. Tell me why would anyone pay someone to scar their body for life? What if it doesn't come out right Phoebe? Then it's like, I don't know, havin' a bad hair cut all the time. Why's everyone staring at me?
JOEY'S CO-STAR: Why not? You hate park views and high ceilings? C'mon I'll show you the kitchen.
JOEY: Why would I want another apartment, huh? I've already got an apartment that I love.
MRS. GELLER: Well, I was thinking, why doesn't he give Monica a call?
RACHEL: Why didn't you get it?
JOEY: Woah. Why do you get to keep the table?
PHOEBE: So why don't ya show us the rest of your casa?
PHOEBE: Joey, why don't you talk to Chandler about moving back?
CHANDLER: Well, uh, why don't you ask him yourself. Joey, this is my new roommate Eddie.
MONICA: Oh that's great, why don't you tell mommy on me.
ROSS: Why, why, why can't you stand me being here? I don't, I, we're just, ya know, we're just havin' fun.
ROSS: Why did you hate me?
PHOEBE: Why don't you play with your roommate?
PHOEBE: Oh good, ok. Oh nooo, I have to go because I'm late for my um, Green Eggs and Ham discussion group. Um tonight it's why he would not eat them on a train. Have fun bye.
MONICA: Alright, before I tell you, uh, why don't you tell me how many women you've been with.
ROSS: Oh, hey, if I make you laugh, here's an idea, why don't you invite Paulo over and have a little romp in the sack and I'll just stand in the corner and tell knock-knock jokes.
PHOEBE: Why would you kill his fish?
EDDIE: Uh, sure, why not.
CHANDLER: [throws it across the room while Eddie's not looking] Listen Eddie, um, I've been thinking about our current living situation and uh, why are you smiling?
RACHEL: No, why do we always have to do everything according to your time table?
JOEY: See, this is why I don't date women who read. Uh-oh.
CHANDLER: Why must everybody watch me sleep? There'll be no more watching me sleep, no more watching.
EDDIE: Why doesn't my key work and what's all my stuff doin' downstairs?
CHANDLER: I'm gonna hold him a different way. Look I don't understand, if you hated it so much, why did you buy it in the first place?
PHOEBE: Why are you guys so upset? It's Old Yeller, it's a happy movie.
MONICA: Ok. [Richard walks in] Hey, why don't you ask Richard?
MONICA: I meant, why don't you take Richard to the game? What?
MONICA: So Joey, why didn't you grow a moustache?
MONICA: Oh, why does this bother me so much? I mean I don't wanna be one of those people who tells their boyfriend they wanna spend 24 hours a day with them.
CHANDLER: See, that's why we don't let her play.
JOEY: Hey Monica, why are we watchin' the business channel?
BIG BULLY: Why should we?
JOEY: Well why don't you just reach out and take his trampoline.
BIG BULLY: You know what I keep wondering? Why you two are still sitting here.
RACHEL: Why the voice.
ROSS: Yes, and that's why we're here.
BIG BULLY: Of course we're hitting faces, why wouldn't you hit faces?
ROSS: Question. Why do we always have to have parties where you poach things?
ROSS: Question two. Why do we always have to have parties with committees?
JOEY: Really. Why can't we just get some pizzas and get some beers and have fun?
PHOEBE: Why not her?
CHANDLER: Why her mom?
JOEY: Uh, hey, Dr. Greene, why don't you come with me, we'll put your jacket on Rachel's bed.
CHANDLER: Uhh, yes, absdolutely, um. Why again?
RYAN: Why aren't you at home in bed?
CHANDLER: Why? Wh- wh- why is Mr. Douglas looking for me?
CHANDLER: Wha- wh- why, why, why does he suspect that?
ROSS: Alright you know, why don't I just meet you upstairs. [Drops her on the couch and walks out holding his lower back.]
ROSS: So don't, I don't see why we have to go to this thing anyway, it's your ex-fiancee's wedding.
RICHARD: Awww! You know that's probably why babies learn to talk, so they can tell grown ups to cut it out.
RICHARD: Oh, that's why you never see pigeons at sushi bars.(they both start laughing at Richard's poor joke) See, we're having fun.
RACHEL: Why the hell didn't you tell me!
RACHEL: Yeah, I love that story. Um, I got a question for you guys. Why do people keep is saying that is good to see me up and about?
RACHEL: Why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding, why are you adding?
Chandler: Hey, you know what, here's a thought. Why don't you stay home from work today and just hang out with me.
Monica: I know, I know. I'm just so tired of-of missing him. I'm tired of wondering why hasn't he called. Why hasn't he called!
Rachel: Why aren't you at work?
Chandler: Girth? Why, why, why, wh-why, why, why, why would they do this? 
Ross: Why aren't you guys dressed?
Ross: Okay, now hold on. Joey, why, why can't you just wear the underwear you're wearing now?
Ross: Okay, then why do you have to wear underwear tonight?
Chandler: (going to the bedroom) See Joe, that's why your parents told you not to jump on the bed.
Phoebe: (turns around) Um, that's it. No. Hey! You! J. Crew guy. Yeah. Why have you been following me? I mean, all week long everywhere I look there's you.
Phoebe: Okay, first I'm not crazy. And second, say it don't spray it. Anyway his name is Malcom, and he wasn't following me, I mean he was, but 'cause he thought I was Ursula, ick. And, that's why, that's why he couldn't just come up and talk to me. 'Cause of the restraining order.
Monica: What?! Why? Why is this crazy? So this isn't the ideal way to something....
Joey: Maybe you can tell me. My agent would like to know why I didn't show up at the audition I didn't know I had today. The first good thing she gets me in weeks. How could you not give me the message?!
Monica: See, now this is why I keep notepads everywhere.
Phoebe: Yep, and that's why we don't invite you to play.
Ross: Yeah, it's, it's, it's cute. Why, why, why does he have it, again?
Rachel: Ross, you are so pathetic. Why can't your son just play with his doll? (uses the Milk Master 2000 to pour milk into her cereal) 
Rachel: What's the big deal? Why don't you wanna see Janice?
Chandler: I know, that, (looks at her fake chest, and loses his train of thought, temporarily) that's why I don't want to go tonight, I'm afraid I'm going to say something stupid.
Joey: No, no, no, see that's why you have to do this job, agents always lie. You know, Estelle just says stuff like 'They went another way', but this, I can use this. (in a very bad Italian accent) I canna work on a new accent.
Janice: Why are you shopping here? You don't live in this neighborhood. Were you here waiting for me?
Rachel: Yeah, 'cause that's why you won't get Isabella Rosselini, geography.
Phoebe: Um, yeah sure. Why you wanna call your Mom?
Phoebe: Nooo! Why would you think that?
Joey: Why don't we just go on two.
Chandler: Why two?
Phoebe: (angrily) Bye-bye! (to Ross) That's why I moved out.
Ross: Oh, better, actually. Y'know I-I-I think I finally figured out why we were having so much trouble lately.
Monica: I don't understand, I mean am I so hard to live, is this why I don't have a boyfriend?
Chandler: Noo!! You don't have a boyfriend because....I don't, I don't know why you don't have a boyfriend. You should have a boyfriend.
Phoebe: Oh, Ross you're right, I don't know why I always thought this was real grass.
Chandler: See, that's why I could never be an actor. Because I can't say gig.
Dr. Green: Why not?
Rachel: Okay, look, Ross, I realise that my Father is difficult, but that's why you have got to be the bigger man here.
Monica: Why is this car in my bedroom?
Dr. Green: So, why do you let her go to a chiropractor for?
Rachel: Yeah honey, I'm standing right there! Why didn't you just tell him about the mole I haven't got checked yet.
Ross: Why? Why can't you go to him?
Phoebe: Yes, while I was in the chair! That's why I take such good care of my teeth now, y'know, it's not about oral hygiene, I floss to save lives!
Joey: If the Homo Sapiens, were in fact 'Homo-sapien', is that why there extinct?
Chandler: Why not?!
Janice: Why are your eyes so white?
Chandler: Wh-wh-why, wh-why, why, why was there kissing!? There should be no kissing!!
Chandler: I think you should go back with Gary. I don't wanna be the guy that breaks up a family, y'know when my parents split up, it was because of that guy. Whenever I would see him I was always think y'know 'You're the reason, you are the reason why their not together.' and I hated that guy. And it didn't matter how nice he was, or how happy he made my Dad.
Monica: Well, why don't we just bunny up.
Chandler and Joey: Yeah! Why don't you stick around. You can sit right there.
Ross: Oh really! Why is that?
Monica: You're so pathetic! Why can't you just accept it, we're winning because I'm better than you.
Gunther: They already do. That's why they call it the 'tray spot.'
Ross: Ah, no Mon, Dad had to buy everyone of your boxes because you ate them all. But ah, y'know I'm sure that's not gonna happen this time, why don't I put you down for three of the mint treasures and just a couple of the Rudolph's.
Gunther: And when you have a second later, I wanna show you why we don't just trap spiders under coffee mugs and leave them there.
Rachel: Well then how come you're still at a job that you hate, I mean why don't you quit and get 'the fear'?
Rachel: Okay, fine. Gunther, y'know what, I am a terrible waitress, do you know why I'm a terrible waitress? Because, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care which pot is regular and which pot is decaf, I don't care where the tray spot is, I just don't care, this is not what I want to do. So I don't think I should do it anymore. I'm gonna give you my weeks notice.
Phoebe: Okay but that's why you have to buy it, so it can fulfil it's Christmas destiny, otherwise there gonna throw it into the chipper. Tell him, Joey
Girl: Why don't you look in the mirror, scrud.
Phoebe: Why don't you go up there and ask him to 'step lightly, please?'
Rachel: Oh, I wanna quit, but then I think I should stick it out, then I think why would such a person stay in such a demeaning job, just because it's remotely related to the field they're interested in.
Ross: Well, I'm just saying, I mean why else would he just, y'know, swoop in out of nowhere for no reason.
Chandler: No-no-no-no, no, it's a good thing. Why must we dial so speedily anyway? Why must we rush through life? Why can't we savor the precious moments? (to one of Joey's sisters) Those are some huge breasts you have.
Chandler: Why can't we talk in here? With, with, witnesses.
Joey: Why don't you ask Chandler, 'cause he's the one that fooled around with her. She told me you said you could really fall for her. Now is that true? Or are you just gettin' over Janice by groping my sister. 
Monica: Wait a minute, why don't you just call Mark. (they both look up in shock) I mean, who says you have to sit here and wait for him, you've got to make stuff happen.
Ross: 'Why don't you call him?!' Well, thank you very much! Y'know now he is going to prep her, y'know prep her, as in what you do when you surgically remove the boyfriend!
Ross: Honey, just relax, it's gonna be fine. Hey, umm,. why don't I come down there and I'll take you out to lunch? 
Ross: What? Oh yeah, yeah I think so. Why am I invited to this again? 
Phoebe: A stripper at a bachelor party, that is so clich? Why don't you get a magician?! 
Ross: Ohhhhh yeah, that's, that's funny. Why ah, why isn't he goofing around in his own office? 
Ross: Why does Joanna need two assistants, how, how lazy is she? 
Chandler: Well, why don't you send her a musical bug, op, no you already did that. All right look, you're going to have to go there yourself now, okay, make a few surprise visits. 
Rachel: Honey, why is it hard, I mean we've been together for almost a year now? 
Rachel: Noo, I y'know I don't see why she has to play with you, that's all. I mean doesn't she have any y'know other stripper moms friends of her own? 
Phoebe: Wait. Why was he yelling at her? He's the one who slept with someone else. 
Phoebe: Why would you start again after chewing all that quitting gum?
Phoebe: (to Monica) Then why are you answering? Do you at least know what route we're on?
Monica: Then why are you smoking?
Ross: Pheebs? What, why are you whispering?
Rachel: Why would you even want to come Ross? You're a horrible skier.
Rachel: Y'know Ross why don't you put that on your answering machine!
Chandler: No-no, why don't you hang on to that one.
Monica: Oh my God! That's Pete! But why is Bill huggin' Pete?
Joey: (to Ross) Why can't I find that?
Pete: Why not?
Phoebe: Okay. Whoa, sorry. Why were you just like all in the dark?
Phoebe: Umm, well I, I kinda had a little chat with Alice, and I sort of made her see why you two shouldn't be together, y'know. And you're gonna see it to, one day, you really, really will.
Monica: Absolutely! (He goes to kiss her, but she stops him and rubs his head and says...) Now get out of here you!! (Pete leaves) (to the gang) Okay, I'm running out of places I can touch him! Look, is there something wrong with me? I mean why am I only attracted to guys where there's no future? Either they're too old, or they're too young, and then there's Pete who's-who's crazy about me, and who's absolutely perfect for me, and there's like zip going on! I mean, seriously, does it sound like something's wrong with me?!
Joey: Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and nothin'. You look at me, and it's nothin'. (He kisses her) Nothing.
Kate: Well, I don't understand why Adrienne's attracted to Victor.
Joey: Oh, hey, how about this one. Ah, it's says so in the script! Y'know ah, I-I don't know why my character likes you either, I mean it says in the script here that you're a bitch.
Mark: Why do all you're coffee mugs have numbers on the bottom?
Joey: Well, why don't you tell me what you're supposed to be! Huh? Because I sure as hell can't figure it out! I talk to you and it's nothin'. You look at me, and nothin'. (He kisses her, more passionately this time) Nothing.
Phoebe: (to Chandler) Hey! (Chandler looks up, startled) Why isn't it Spiderman? Y'know like Goldman, Silverman...
Rachel: Ohh, gee. I wonder why she thinks you're going to call her?
Joanna: Why?! Why?! He said he'd call. Why hasn't he called?
Joanna: Sophie, would you please climb out of my butt. Why hasn't he called, Rachel? Why?
Joanna: Awkward? Why should he feel awkward?
Rachel: Why hasn't he called Rachel? Why? Why? I don't understand. Why? He said he'll call. Why? Why? Chandler I'm telling you she has flipped out, she's gone crazy!
Chandler: Oh, so that's why the priest threw holy water on me. (there's no reaction from Joey) Okay, listen, you have to cheer up! Okay? You should come out with Ross and me, I mean anything is better than sitting around here crying all day about Kate.
Pete: Why would you say that?
Monica: You may be okay about getting hurt, but I am not okay with being the one who hurts you. That's why I can't take this job.
Rachel: Ross, why didn't you tell me that?
Kate: Why the Post?
Joey: I know! That's why they trashed me!
Kate: I don't know! I just, just do this! I-I always have to pick the like the smartest guy, or-or the most talented guy... Why can't I just pick someone like you?
Chandler: Why don't you use ours across the hall, 'cause she...has...problems.
Chandler: No, it's... fancier than a pimple. Look Ross, why don't you just go see a... 
Rachel: Well honey, then why don't you break up with one of them?
Ross: Whoa-oh, okay! Yeah, why am I telling you that?
Rachel: (coming down the stairs) Hey! (Ross jumps up, and quickly puts the letter back together, pretending like he has just finished it.) What happened to you? Why didn’t you come up?
Ross: The guy who took Rachel to the prom? Why is he calling you?
Ross: Well, umm, why don’t you give him a call?
Monica: Why can’t you use the phone in here?
Monica: Why did you hire me?
Monica: Then why are you laughing?
Chandler: Why not?!
Phoebe: No but, why does that have to be a bad thing. Just change what it means. Y'know? Go down there and prove your Mother wrong. Finish the job you were hired to do, and we’ll call that pulling a Monica.
Chandler: Freedom! I want my freedom! Why won’t you here me?! (Opens the door) Sophie, help me! Help me!! (Sophie stands up)
Monica: Why are you talking about volcanoes all of the sudden?
Mr. Treeger:: You think you could make a mess and the big man in coveralls will come in here and clean it up, huh? Well, why don’t think of someone else for a change?
Ross: So why don’t you quit?
Joey: Why don’t you tell me something I don’t know! (He storms out, and once Treeger closes the door behind him, Joey makes an ‘Oops!’ have.)
Chandler: Why don’t you just give him to somebody else?
Rachel: Well, why doesn’t he practice with a girl?
Mr. Simon: Why wasn’t I offered that? I’d definitely pay more for that.
Ross: Yeah, it's-it's tough being single. That's why I'm so glad I found Amanda.
Chandler: Oh my God! That's why I got up too!
Phoebe: (singing, drunk) My sticky shoes, my sticky-sticky shoes, why do you stick on me, ba-a-by! Thanks for the lights honey. 
Kathy: Okay. Understanding a little more why you're single. Ohh! Y'know, I have a friend you would like, she's really pretty. And then we could double date!
Rachel: Why don't you just marry her? Oh no, wait a minute you can't, I'm sorry I forgot, she's not a lesbian.
Ross: So, uh, why did you have to turn it down? 
Ross: Well, I do! Why don't we go back to my place, light a couple of candles, break open a box of Cinnamon Fruit Toasties, uh... 
Ross: Oh, yeah, why not? 
Joey: Why not? 
Rachel: All right, look. Why don't you just return the book, let Joey give her the clock pen, and you give her something worse than that. Like... a regular pen. 
Joey: Yeah. Why are you getting so upset?
Chandler: Why can't you tell her?
Rachel: Why not?
Chandler: Then why didn't you tell me to do that?!!
Chandler: Why?! Why do I have to tell him?!
Joey: Just now, after acting class. At first I thought she was doing some kind of scene, that's why I let people watch.
Joey: Is that why you bought all this stuff?! (Chandler makes a face like "Well, kinda.") Well, y'know what I will not watch your TV, I will not listen to your stereo, and there's a cinnamon raisin loaf in the new bread maker that I'm not gonna eat! You know why?!
Ross: Who gets whom. (They all look at him.) I don’t know why I do that.
Chandler: Wow! Why do you want to get rid of her so badly?
Joey: No, was my best friend. Anyway, I don’t know why you’re pushing for him so hard. With him out of the way as my best friend, there’s a spot open.
Joey: Yeah! You did! And that’s why I’m leaving.
Monica: Why is it sick?
KATHY: Why not? What’s going on?
Joey: Well, why do you call him Gandolf?
Joanna: That’s why I said all those things about your flirting and your drinking…
Monica: You got the job?! Why didn’t you tell me?
Rachel: Well, wait a minute, you’re the boss! Why don’t you just yell at them? Or, fire them?
Joey: Hey, Mon! I’m not doing anything, why don’t you fire me?
Joey: Hey! That must be why I got fired last week! Does this Orson Wells guy direct Burger King commercials?
Mike: Hey, Chandler, why don’t we talk this over at the Ranger game tomorrow?
Phoebe: If she’s no fun, why do you want to date her at all?
Chandler: Why not?! I’d be thrilled if I heard that some hot girl was just looking to get—oh I see.
Monica: Okay. Could the waiters gather around to hear tonight’s specials? Okay, first there is a Chilean Sea Bass prepared with a Mango relish on a bag—Why is nobody writing these down?
Monica: Joey, we had a deal. That-that’s why you’re here! I’ve got to fire you!
Phoebe: You guys, why didn’t you tell me you were eloping?
Phoebe: Wait, wait, why were you at the courthouse? 
Rachel: But you-you said black. Why would he want his blue blazer black?
Phoebe: Why not?
Chandler: Why is Phoebe singing to Carl Mulden?
Phoebe: Hey, why don’t you?
Frank: I know! Why don’t you get drunk! That worked for a lot of girls in my high school.
Kathy: I’ll tell you what, Chandler, why don’t you call me when you grow up!
Phoebe: Well, why did you make like a whole big thing out of y'know, everyone has to hang out in the big apartment?
Phoebe: Why don’t you ask him out?
Chandler: Hey. I just, I just wanted to come over to-to say that I’m sorry. Y’know? I know I acted like the biggest idiot in the world, and I can completely understand why you were so upset.
Monica: Why do you care so much anyway?
Phoebe: Well, look, why don’t you just, why don’t you do your Phase Two strip club thing with us.
Joey: Y’know, I can see why you think that, but ah, actually, you know who I think it is?
Phoebe: Well, why are you doing this anyway?
Joshua: Why not?!
Chandler: Why are you in here if Joshua is all the way over there? (Points to the living room.)
Emily: So why did you plan a party at the same time?
Joey: If you didn’t want to play, why did you come to the party?
Phoebe: Y’know it doesn’t matter how much I’m craving it. Y’know why I’m never gonna eat meat? Because it’s murder, cold blooded murder.
Joey: (to Chandler) Why would he turn off the TV? (Chandler shrugs.)
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's erm, Chandler and Joey's, later that morning. The porn is still on, there are three women getting ready to shave the chest of some guy. Joey and Chandler are wondering why that guy is letting them shave his chest, and Monica and Rachel are eating breakfast at the foosball table.]
Monica: Oh. Why didn’t you take her?
Ross: Well I, that’s the thing, I don’t know! I mean, whenever I brought it up with her she said, (In a British accent.) "This is so fantastic! Why do we have to talk about the future? Let’s just enjoy…"
Ross: And why do you care so much?
Ross: Is that why in junior high you were the only one that hung out with that Ukrainian kid?
Phoebe: Why don’t take care of this one, and should I get pregnant again, I’ll hold onto your card, okay?
Frank: Why would we be freaked?
Monica: It is not over because she is going to call you and tell you she loves you. And the reason why she couldn’t, is because her feelings were so strong, it scared her. Now you go home and wait for her call, she could be calling you from the plane! Come on now go! Go! (Tries to push Ross out the door.)
Rachel: Well, so, why don’t you just turn it off?
Joshua: Hey, here’s an idea. Why don’t uh, I put the food in the fridge and we can eat it later?
Mr. Burgin: Well, we’re starving, why don’t we all go get something to eat?
Chandler: Hey, look, this name has been holding me back my entire life. Okay, it’s probably why kids picked on me in school, and why I never do well with women… So, as of 4 o’clock tomorrow, I’m either gonna be Mark Johnson or John Markson.
Ross: I mean, why not! I mean, I mean why not?!
Chandler: Why are you screaming and hugging?
Ross: No, no, don’t. Why don’t we?
Emily: Why don’t we what?
Ross: If like the four of us could all y’know, hang out together. Uh, in fact Emily’s coming into town this weekend, why don’t you say we all have dinner? Say, Sunday night?
Rachel: Why not?
Joey: (asleep) So why don’t you give me your number?
Chandler: Why not?! I mean it’s just, it’s just climbing! It’s just, it’s just steep!
Ross: Sure. Why not?
Chloe: Do I know why we’re rushing?
Monica: Why do you need it?
Chandler: Well, I think it all started when you said, "Hey Joey, why don’t you be my best man."
Joey: All right, okay, this is great, uh, Chandler, you get behind the desk. And-and when she comes in hopefully, she won’t recognise you because, well, why would she? Uh, okay, and then you buzz Ross and I. (to Ross) You be Mr. Gonzalez, and I’ll be uh, Mr. Wong.
Ross: So-so come! Why don’t you come?
Ross: Why-why can’t you take a couple of days off?
Rachel: Phoebe, I’m going to Ross’s wedding because he is my ex-boyfriend and that would be really uncomfortable. Not because, I’m still in love with him! I mean, hey, y’know, I like Ross as much as the next guy, y’know? Clearly I have feelings for him, but feelings don’t mean love! I mean, I still have loving feelings for Ross. Yeah! But, I have, I have continuing feelings of love, but that doesn’t mean that-that I’m still in love with him. Y’know? I-I have sexual feelings for him, but I do love him—Ohh! Oh my God! Oh my—why didn’t you tell me?!!
Emily: Monica, why have you brought me here of all places?!
Phoebe: That’s not why you’re going! You’re going because you hope he’s gonna say, "Yeah, I love you too, Rach. Forget that British chippy."
Phoebe: (Trying to get up.) Wait!! Where are you going?! What are you doing?! No!! Wait!! (Not able to get up.) God!! Why am I always pregnant when she does that?!
Mrs. Waltham: Well, if you’re on e of Ross’s best friends, why aren’t you here?
Monica: Then why would he say it?
Joey: I know! That’s why we got to find Monica!! You know where she is? 
Chandler: No!! Okay!! What’s with the third degree?! Why don’t you just shine a light in my eyes?! (Joey looks totally confused.)
Rachel: ...And so then I realized. All this stuff I had been doing. proposing to Joshua, lying to Ross about why I couldn’t come to the wedding. Was all just a way of...
Monica: (Awkwardly.) Why would I care where Chandler is? You know uhh...You know sometimes I don’t even like Chandler.
Ross: My God. Rachel! (He walks towards her, grasps her hands and kisses her on the cheek.) Your here. I can’t believe it. (She giggles.) What happen? Why are you here?
Ross: No! No! Of course it didn’t mean anything! I mean, uh well, I can understand why Emily would think it meant something, y’know, because-because it was you…
Monica: Yes, I want to change. And why-why don’t you go down and get us a table?
Chandler: (To Monica) Hey, listen, why don’t we go change in my room?
Mr. Waltham: You spend half your life in the bathroom, why don’t you ever go out the bloody window!
Joey: Why would you need to say hi to them, you’ve been feeding them for four days?
Ross: I know, why not?
Ross: Why don’t you come, I mean, I-I have two tickets, why not?
Rachel: Ahh, yes, I will have a glass of the Merlot and uh, (points to Ross’s seat.) he will have a white wine spritzer. Woo! (Looks out the window.) Hey, look at that, the airport’s moving. (Realizes that that’s not how it works.) Hey, are we moving?! Are we moving? Why are we moving? Hey, time-out, umm, yeah, does the captain know that we’re moving? (Sits back in defeat.) Oh my God. Oh, my gosh.
Rachel: What?! I didn't have a good time in Greece! Ross abandoned me! Okay, I couldn't get a plane out, so I had to stay in their honeymoon suite with people coming up to me all the time going, "Oh, Mrs. Geller, why are you crying?" I mean, it was sooo humiliating. I felt like such an idiot! I mean, it's all my fault! And you know why, because I make very bad decisions.
Rachel: Why? Why not?! People love to hear that!
Monica: Okay, well, why don't we all meet upstairs in an hour?
Ross: Why are you laughing?
Rachel: What? What are you talking about?! You-you're the one who's been telling me to get over Ross and move on. I'm moving on, and you're moving on with me. Come on, give me one good reason why you don't wanna go.
Monica: Umm, why don't you give me something that would be a good reason and-and then I'll tell you if it's true.
Phoebe: (interrupting) What are you doing?!! Why are you defending him?! Just get me another doctor! One who is not crazy and who is not Fonzie!
Phoebe: Why not?! Maybe I can, you don't know!
Monica: So, why wait 'til Saturday, are you free tomorrow?
Monica: Well uh, you and I are just goofing around, I thought, why not goof around with him.
Rachel: Why aren't you guys at the movie?
Joey: Why don’t you like PBS, Pheebs?
Monica: I might've said that. (Chandler laughs.) Why is that funny?
Ross: Yeah, would you please consider moving here? I mean you were gonna move here anyway, why can't you just do that?
Chandler: Yeah, why don't we lose the gloves.
Rachel: Well, why don't you talk to me about it, maybe I can help.
Phoebe: Yeah! Why would my mother send me a fur? Doesn't she know me but at all! Plus, I have a perfectly fine coat that no innocent animal suffered to make!
Ross: Well, her thought is, and I agree, fresh new furniture, why not a fresh new apartment? Her cousin has this great place to sublet, it's got a view of the river on one side and Columbia on the other.
Joey: You do have a choice!! Ross, why are you listening to her?! Are you, are you crazy?!
Monica: Why don't you come over tonight? And I'll make you favorite dinner.
Joey: Hey, y'know Ross, I think I kinda understand why I kinda lost it today.
Joey: Not a problem. And listen, hey! Since you're gonna be here for a while, why don't—I was thinking we uh, put your name on the answering machine.
Joey: Come on, Chandler, Ross is our friend. He needs us right now, so why don't you be a grown up and come and watch some TV in the fort!
Mrs. Geller: (holding two pies) Monica, why don't you finish off these pies? I don't have any more room left in the fridge.
Chandler: That's why I lost my toe?! Because I called you fat?!
Chandler: That's why for an entire year people called me Sir Limps-A-Lot?!
Ross: Why are they here?
Phoebe: Yeah but why didn't you just say that you didn't read the book?!
Joey: Yeah, I like that. But no-no, how does that explain why Rachel found my underwear at your place?
Phoebe: All right, wait! Just wait. Everybody just calm down. Okay? Let's give our friend Joey a chance to explain why he's such a big pervert!
Phoebe: So that's why she gave you a naked picture of herself.
Ross: Unbelievable! I mean you really kept Joey's underwear?! Why? Why would you do that?!
Joey: Why are you doing this?
Joey: Hey, don’t get religious on me, ok. (Ross looks a little confused.) A guy in your position needs to be a little better at relaxing. You know. Why do you think we have the comfortable chairs? Huh...come here…sit down. (Ross sits down.) Ready? (Joey flips the foot rest up.) Ahh!! (He reclines the chair fully.) Ohh, yeah!! Huh?!
Chandler: Well, why can't you do them tomorrow?
Chandler: (To Ross) Why don't you cut him a little slack? Okay? Maybe if he relaxes a little bit, he'll get some work done.
Danny: Oh great! That special bond again! Why do women have such a problem with the fact that I'm close with my sister?
Monica: It's my new perfume. Why don't you come closer where you can really appreciate it?
Phoebe: It's so obvious, why doesn't he just ask?
Rachel: Ohh, out, oh God, I don't know why we didn't think to check there!
Chandler: Why would I be mad?
Rachel: Joey, if you wanna look good, why don't you just come down to the store? I'll help you out.
Joey: Why would I return it? I love this bag!
Rachel: Why?! Why not?!
Phoebe: Oh! Get off!! Ow!! Oh, stop it!! Why?! Why are you doing that to me?!
Joey: (reading from the script) Well, you must be new here. Why don't we get a table and I'll buy you a drink.
Frank Sr.: Well, that's why you wanted me to come, right?
Why won't you go to sleep?
Phoebe: Yeah, why don't you just find another apartment?
Chandler: Yeah, listen, Joey isn't gonna be here tonight so why don't you come over and I'll let you uh, feel my bicep. Or maybe more.
Chandler: Well, why don't we move this into the bedroom?
Phoebe: And why not?!
Rachel: Hmm. Look, Ross, if you want your neighbors to like you, why don't you just pay the hundred bucks? The party's gonna cost you way more than that.
Chandler: Oh please, you are obsessed with babies and-and marriage and everything that's related to babies and-and marriage! I've got an idea, why don't we turn down the heat on this pressure cooker?!
Monica: Chandler, why are you doing this?
Chandler: Oh that's so cool! Why would a cop come in here though? They don't serve donuts. (No one laughs.) Y'know what actually, could you discover the badge again? I think I can come up with something better than that.
Monica: (Start annoying hyper-competitive mode now.) (Jumping up) What don't you just calm down Phoebe! All right?! Why don’t you just get all your facts before you run around telling everybody that you're the only hot couple!!
Rachel: What-what, wait a minute, you don't think that's why he wants me back?
Monica: (That annoying competitiveness thing kicks in again, what the heck is that with her and why must the writers show it every flippin' episode?!) Oh, we're not seeing a movie!
Phoebe: You're not? Then why did you ask us if we wanted to go?
Chandler: Ugh, we have already proved that we are hot! Okay? So why-why are you getting so obsessed about this thing?!
Ross: No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.
Ross: Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Ross: And why wouldn't he get it?
Kim: No. No! You're doing great! Don’t you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Monica: (overhearing that) Why don't you just go out with her!
Chandler: Hey, why don't you wear those earrings I gave you?
Phoebe: Okay, well I think that they're in my purse. Why don't you go get dressed and I'll look for them.
(Phoebe then gets possessed 'cause she starts speaking in tongues. She speaks Italian to Joey's grandmother. She is quickly exorcised and returns to speaking in English. Of course, too most people English is a strange language as well. But none of them are probably reading this and if they were they wouldn't understand it. So why am I talking about them? I have absolutely no clue. Moving on…) 
Phoebe: Why not?
[Time Lapse, the gang is now watching Law & Order. By the way, the entire rest of the episode takes place in Monica and Rachel's apartment. Why are they called apartments when they're all stuck together? Something to think about.]
Rachel: (smiling) Joey, why don't you just tell her what happened? It's not your fault.
Phoebe: (she just looks at him) Why are you being weird?
Phoebe: No, that would be, "Why are you being cute?"
Monica: (angrily) That is exactly why I do not lend you stuff!! (Rachel looks over at Phoebe in resignation.) Okay?! I mean, first it's my jewelry! And if it's not my jewelry, it's-it's my blue sweater! And if it's not my sweater, it's my sunglasses!
Chandler: Why am I looking?
Ross: (stares at her briefly) Okay, why are you here?
Chandler: Me?! Why me?
Ross: Uh-huh, that's why they call it Staten Island.
Ross: Why is it inside out?!
Phoebe: Which is why my answer is yes!
Monica: So, why don't you just take it back to where you got it?
Monica: Rach, why won't they take it back?
Woman No. 2: Maybe. I was thinking about getting a cat, I was just going to go to the shelter (Good for her) but… Okay, why not?
Rachel: Phoebe! It's 6 o'clock in the morning! Why aren't you at Gary's?
Monica: Why are so mad at him?
Joey: Y'know what? I don't need this! Okay? I don't know why you're dumping all over my big break.
Joey: Is that why you're on this trip, huh? Make me feel like a loser? 'Cause if it is, I'll tell ya, I-I-I'd rather be alone.
Chandler: All right, fine! Fine! Why don't you pull over? I'll get out right now!
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross, Phoebe, Rachel, and Monica are there. Ross is trying to figure out why Phoebe's mad at him.]
Monica: Yes! All right, y'know what? Why don't we start with a practice run? Okay?
Monica: Then why did you move?!
Phoebe: Y'know what you should send him? A cartoon of cigarettes. 'Cause that why he could trade it for protection. No. That's prison.
Ross: Why are you mad at me?
Phoebe: Ooh! So now why can't we tell Chandler?
Phoebe: Uh-huh! Why do you think it takes me so long to answer the door?
Phoebe: Why are you dressed as a gladiator?
Joey: Wait a minute! Why don't I do what that guy did? I'll take this $100 and turn it into $5,000! And then I'll turn that into enough money to get my movie going again!
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's hotel room, Rachel is still trying to get the ink off and Ross is on the phone to the company. Wait a minute, why exactly are they sharing a hotel room? Didn't they like break-up or something? Did I miss a memo? Or maybe, it's just foreshadowing things to come. Who knows? Maybe the answer's at the bottom of the page. Then again, maybe it isn't and it's just one of those things TV writers just don't explain. Anyhoo…]
