Rachel: Wow! Would I have seen you in anything?
Monica: (to Phoebe) Would you stop? 
Rachel: (walks up with a pot of coffee) Would anybody like more coffee? 
Lizzie: Would you like my tin-foil hat? 
Monica: Would you look at her? She is so peaceful. 
Monica: Would you let it go? It's not that big a deal.
Rachel: (holds a pair of panties in front of Ross) Ok, Well, what about these are white cotton panties. Would they go with whites or delicates?
Jill: (awkwardly) Would you like to call somebody? (offering phone)
Jill: Would you like some gum?
Monica: (gives her an envelope) Would you just open it?
Monica: Oh, thank you. Would you like a tour?
Chandler: (Suddenly bright) Would you like to have dinner sometime?
Monica: Rachel, what are you doing? It’s freezing out here. Would you come back inside?
Rachel: Oh, Monica! Would you stop being such a wuss?
Rachel: Would you excuse me for a second?
Ross: Would you all relax? It's not that big a deal.
Joey: Would you let it go Ross. It was just a dream. It doesn't mean...
Monica: Now, Mom, everything's going fine, really. (Listens) Yeah, Ross is great. He's uh, he's in a whole other place. (Listens) No, he's gone. (Listens) No no, you don't have to fly back, really. (Listens) What do you mean this might be your only chance? (Listens) Would you stop? I'm only 26, I'm not even thinking about babies yet. 
Rachel: Would you excuse me, please? I'm trying to have a date here.
PHOEBE: Would you relax? I know what I am doing. This is how he wears it.
MONICA: Look, I know that you're in a place right now where you really need to hate Julie's guts, but she didn't do anything wrong. I mean, she was just a girl who met a guy, and now they go out. I really think that if you gave her a chance, you'd like her. Would you just give that a chance, for me?
MONICA: I can't believe that this whole time we thought he hated us. I mean, isn't it amazing how much you can touch someone's life, without even knowing it?...Would you look at this dump? He hated us. This is his final revenge!
CHANDLER: Wow, Heckles was voted class clown, and so was I. He was right. Would you listen to that?
CHANDLER: I just think it's weird, you know? Heckles and me, Heckles, and me, me and Heckles...Would you knock it off?
ROSS: Would it matter?
MONICA: Would you look at them?
RACHEL: Would you let me talk. [flicks Monica on the forehead]
ROSS: Would you look at that guy, I mean how long has he been talking to her. It's like, back off buddy she's a waitress not a geisha.
PHOEBE: Would you stop already? Get out of the bitter barn and play in the hay.
RACHEL: Would you guys stop.
CHANDLER: Hey I didn't kill your fish. Look Eddie...[puts his hand on Eddie's shoulder] Would you look at what I'm doin' here. That can't be smart. So we're just gonna take this guy right off ya and put him here in Mr. Pocket. Tangellon? [picks up the fruit an tosses it to Eddie, it hits Eddie in the chest and falls]
CHANDLER: Would you come on! Come on! [waitress brings their coffee] Thank you.
ROSS: Oh, mine too. Isn't that neat, scotch neat. Would you excuse me? [walks out in the hallway, Mr. Greene is walking out of Chandler and Joey's apartment] Hey, hey, where you uh, sneakin off to mister?
Chandler: Would you just please....give me the receipt 'cause this is great. It's top notch.
Monica: Would you please go? 
Joanna: Would you? Or, is it just to sad and desperate, and y'know something that Sophie would do?
Rachel: (She drops the brush) Y'know what? I cannot do this with my left hand! Would you please, help me with this too?
Monica: Would you stop? We've only been going out a couple of weeks, I mean we don't even know if he's gonna propose.
Chandler: All right, there’s a nuclear holocaust, I’m the last man on Earth. Would you go out with me?
Chandler: I’m gonna say this for the last time. Would you please just… (He moves his arm which opens the drawer and hits in the back of the head, which proves his point.)
Rick: Would you mind spending some time on my siadic area, it’s been killing me today.
Bank Officer: Okay, Ms. Lambert handles all our closures. (to a beautiful woman) Would you come over here please?
Chandler: Would you like me to write her a little poem as well? 
Rachel: Would you stop?! What is the matter with you?!
Phoebe: Oh, okay! (reading) "Would I go back to Allesandro’s? Sure, but I’d have to order two meals, one for me and one for the guy pointing the gun to my head." (to Monica) Wow! You really laid into this place.
Monica: Would you ever be a surrogate for anyone?
Chandler: Would you all stop yelling in our apartment! You are ruining moving day for us!
Rachel: Would you like to go to a basketball game with me? (Tries again.) You know, its funny, basketball, because I happen to have tickets too… (Tries again.) Umm, who likes the Knicks—(Joshua comes in from the dressing room.)
Chandler: (opening the bathroom door and kicking out the chick and duck) Would you give me one minute!! Please.
Chandler: Come on! Would you please pay attention, I could wake up at any moment!
The Saleslady: Yes! I have it right here. (Phoebe and Monica both gasp at the dress.) Would you like to try it on Ms. Waltham?
Ross: I can’t ask people to do that? Would you ask people to do that? (Holds out his pants)
Chandler: Joey, it’s been three days, okay.. Your just a little homesick, Okay. Would you just try to relax. Just, just try to enjoy yourself.
Joey's Doctor: Would you like to see them? (He hands Joey a little jar.)
The Teacher: Would ya care to venture one?
Phoebe: Would you care to venture one?
Phoebe: I was going too. (They go inside and he closes the door.) Umm, I brought some wine. Would you like some?
Chandler: If you said, "Big lima bean, bubbling up." Would she understand the difference?
Gary: (To Phoebe) Would you like some more coffee, baby-doll?
A Tourist: (To Joey) Would you mind doing a picture with us?
Phoebe: Would you stop that! Do you wanna know the first thing she said when she came back from her lunch with Richard? She didn't feel anything for him. She loves you!
Phoebe: (entering and sitting down at the table.) Hello. My name is Regina Phalange. I'm a businesswoman in town on business. Would you like to see my card? (Looks down) Ooh, what did I do with my file-a-facts? I must've left it in conference room B.
